{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComFrameCanRxTx.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: CheckCanRxFrameDlc\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - compare the received CAN frame DLC on the bus with the expected DLC provided by the user, specially used to test the last received response of the diag. - There is a difference between this function, and the one that compares received dlc on the bus with the dlc of the DBC. Example: *_ApiCheckCanRxFrameDlc(40) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| DLC_Expected | int | uint8 |\n| Expected DLC. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableRxProcessing\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Due to CASTLE Processing Power Limitation, it's a must to call this API with RawFrame or Full to test any RX frame. - Also, if you want to optimize in Castle processing you can call this API with Disable option for the unneeded can frames. - The default value for this API is Discard. Example: *_ApiEnableRxProcessing(EnmEnableProcessingEnum.Discard) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | EnableProcessingEnum | int |\n| Discard, Raw frame, or Full. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendAsEvent\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Send a CAN frame once after t ms (Delay) from its normal cycle. Example: *_ApiSendAsEvent(1000, 500) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| Send a CAN frame once after t ms (Delay) from its normal cycle |  |  |  |  |\n| PostEventPeriod | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| After event occurs, send the frame periodically with delay PostEventPeriod |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendCyclicPerHw\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Start to send the CAN frame on a cyclic manner using hardware accelerator until SendPerTimerOff or another call to SendCyclicPerHw is done. - Start with the first frame instance after the given delay. - This version of API doesn't support yet CAN frames with checksum or alive counter calculation, but for other cases it is prefered to use it to utilize CPU performance. Example: *_ApiSendCyclicPerHw(1000) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| Delay value |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendOnce\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - End the CAN frame now. This does not change the behavior of the SendPerTimer. Example: *_ApiSendOnce()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimer\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Start to send the CAN frame on a cyclic manner until SendPerTimerOff or another call to SendPerTimer is done. Start with the first frame instance after the given delay. Example: *_ApiSendPerTimer(1000) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| Delay value |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimerOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Stop sending the frame from now on. Example: *_ApiSendPerTimerOff()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetErrors\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Set the needed Tx errors flags for the next transmission only, used for negative testing. Example: *_ApiSetErrors(EnmTxErrType.TxNoErr) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| NextTxErr | TxErrType | int |\n| Error Type: 0 (no Err) - 1 (Crc Err) - 2 (Form Err) - 3 (Stuff Err) |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetFrameDlc\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sets Frame Dlc. Example: *_ApiSetFrameDlc(0, Enme_mode.Default) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Dlc | int | uint8 |\n| Dlc Value |  |  |\n| Mode | e_mode | int |\n| e_mode: 0 (default) - 1 (User Input) |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetFrameHeaderOptions\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - This API to set some of the CAN header options , RTR bit , IDE bit and shift extended Id to the left. Example: *_ApiSetFrameHeaderOptions(true, true, true, true, Enme_mode.Default) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Rtr | boolean | bool |\n| RTR bit ( Remote Frame ) |  |  |\n| Ide | boolean | bool |\n| IDE bit ( Extended ID ) |  |  |\n| Brs | boolean | bool |\n| BRS bit ( Bit Rate Switch ) |  |  |\n| ShiftIdLeft | boolean | bool |\n| Shift left is to shift the extended Id from the 11 bit field to the 18 bit field at the header |  |  |\n| Mode | e_mode | int |\n| Default or User Input |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SwitchRxMode\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: \n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SwitchTxMode\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: \n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}