{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComFrameLinTx.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: CorruptFrameChecksum\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| CorruptChecksum | boolean | bool |\n| Set to `true` to enable checksum corruption, `false` to disable. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendEnable\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Set to `true` to enable sending, `false` to disable. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetFrameDlc\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Dlc | int | uint8 |\n| The desired Data Length Code (number of data bytes). |  |  |\n| Mode | e_mode | int |\n| Specifies the mode for setting the DLC: - `Default`: Use the DLC from the LDF. - `UserInput`: Use the `Dlc` value provided in this function call. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: WrongLinFrameDlcReceived\n\n**Description:** Description: Castle received a LIN frame with wrong DLC. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| FrameDLC | int | uint16 |  |\n| ReceivedDLC | int | uint16 |  |\n| FrameId | int | uint8 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: HeaderPresent\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| HeaderPresent | _Signal | Signal | boolean | 0 | 1 | 1 | false | false |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}