{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComFrameGmExtendedCanTx.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: SendAsEvent\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Send a CAN frame once after t ms (Delay) from its normal cycle. Example: *_ApiSendAsEvent(1000, 500) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| Send a CAN frame once after t ms (Delay) from its normal cycle |  |  |  |  |\n| PostEventPeriod | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| After event occurs, send the frame periodically with delay PostEventPeriod |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendCyclicPerHw\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Start to send the CAN frame on a cyclic manner using hardware accelerator until SendPerTimerOff or another call to SendCyclicPerHw is done. - Start with the first frame instance after the given delay. - This version of API doesn't support yet CAN frames with checksum or alive counter calculation, but for other cases it is prefered to use it to utilize CPU performance. Example: *_ApiSendCyclicPerHw(1000) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| Delay value |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendOnce\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - End the CAN frame now. This does not change the behavior of the SendPerTimer. Example: *_ApiSendOnce()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimer\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Start to send the CAN frame on a cyclic manner until SendPerTimerOff or another call to SendPerTimer is done. Start with the first frame instance after the given delay. Example: *_ApiSendPerTimer(1000) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| Delay value |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimerOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Stop sending the frame from now on. Example: *_ApiSendPerTimerOff()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetErrors\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Set the needed Tx errors flags for the next transmission only, used for negative testing. Example: *_ApiSetErrors(EnmTxErrType.TxNoErr) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| NextTxErr | TxErrType | int |\n| Error Type: 0 (no Err) - 1 (Crc Err) - 2 (Form Err) - 3 (Stuff Err) |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetFrameDlc\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sets Frame Dlc. Example: *_ApiSetFrameDlc(0, Enme_mode.Default) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Dlc | int | uint8 |\n| Dlc Value |  |  |\n| Mode | e_mode | int |\n| e_mode: 0 (default) - 1 (User Input) |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetFrameHeaderOptions\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - This API to set some of the CAN header options , RTR bit , IDE bit and shift extended Id to the left. Example: *_ApiSetFrameHeaderOptions(true, true, true, true, Enme_mode.Default) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Rtr | boolean | bool |\n| RTR bit ( Remote Frame ) |  |  |\n| Ide | boolean | bool |\n| IDE bit ( Extended ID ) |  |  |\n| Brs | boolean | bool |\n| BRS bit ( Bit Rate Switch ) |  |  |\n| ShiftIdLeft | boolean | bool |\n| Shift left is to shift the extended Id from the 11 bit field to the 18 bit field at the header |  |  |\n| Mode | e_mode | int |\n| Default or User Input |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetSourceId\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SourceId | int | uint8 |\n| The source identifier to be set for the GM extended CAN frame. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}