{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComFlexray.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: ReportPduDlcMismatchInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| The desired error level for reporting. Options: NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportPduNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| The desired error level for reporting. Options: NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PduDlcMismatch\n\n**Description:** Description: A pdu received on the bus with unexpected dlc. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Id | int | uint32 | hex |\n| ExpectedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n| ObtainedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PduNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: A pdu was received with no matching generated COM pdu. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Id | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Dlc | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}