{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComEthernet.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: Deinit\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Detach the selected / initialized Com Ethernet Network. Example: *_ApiDeinit()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Init\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Assign the com to the can controller and initialize it. - Takes long time from 6 ms to 8 ms depending on Ethernet Cluster size. Example: *_ApiInit()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportPduDlcMismatchInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| The desired error level for reporting. Options: NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportPduNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| The desired error level for reporting. Options: NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EthernetNetworkAlreadyInitialized\n\n**Description:** Description: Report that this network already initialized before Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| NetworkName | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EthernetNetworkDeInitialized\n\n**Description:** Description: Log the deinitialized ethernet network to init the new one Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| NetworkName | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EthernetNetworkHasBeenInitialized\n\n**Description:** Description: Log the initialized ethernet network after initialization Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| NetworkName | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PduDlcMismatch\n\n**Description:** Description: A pdu received on the bus with unexpected dlc. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Id | int | uint32 | hex |\n| ExpectedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n| ObtainedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PduNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: A pdu was received with no matching generated COM pdu. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Id | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Dlc | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}