{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComFrameDynamicFlexrayTx.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: SendCyclic\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: \n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendCyclicOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: \n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendOnce\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: \n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimer\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | long | uint64 | 1e-6 | ms |\n| The initial delay in microseconds (\u00b5s) before the first frame is sent. The subsequent cycle time is usually determined by the FIBEX configuration. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimerOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: \n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdatePayloadLength\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Length | int | uint8 | byte |\n| The new payload length in bytes. Must be an even number and within the allowed FlexRay limits (0-254). |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PayloadLengthExceed\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MaxPayloadLength | int | uint16 |\n| InputPayloadLength | int | uint16 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: SendCyclicOverload\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| MinCyclicTime | long | uint64 | ns |\n| The minimum supported cyclic time in nanoseconds (ns). |  |  |  |\n| InputCyclicTime | long | uint64 | ns |\n| The cyclic time in nanoseconds (ns) that was requested by the user. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}