{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComFrameCanRx.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: CheckCanRxFrameDlc\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - compare the received CAN frame DLC on the bus with the expected DLC provided by the user, specially used to test the last received response of the diag. - There is a difference between this function, and the one that compares received dlc on the bus with the dlc of the DBC. Example: *_ApiCheckCanRxFrameDlc(40) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| DLC_Expected | int | uint8 |\n| Expected DLC. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableRxProcessing\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Due to CASTLE Processing Power Limitation, it's a must to call this API with RawFrame or Full to test any RX frame. - Also, if you want to optimize in Castle processing you can call this API with Disable option for the unneeded can frames. - The default value for this API is Discard. Example: *_ApiEnableRxProcessing(EnmEnableProcessingEnum.Discard) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | EnableProcessingEnum | int |\n| Discard, Raw frame, or Full. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}