{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_ComLin.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: ReportPduDlcMismatchInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| The desired error level for reporting. Options: NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportPduNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| The desired error level for reporting. Options: NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetClkDividerRxUartFollowFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Frame | int | _ComFrameLin |\n| The LIN frame object whose sync field will be used to adjust the Rx baud rate. |  |  |\n| RxClkDivider | int | uint16 |\n| The receiver clock divider value in counts to set for following the frame's sync field. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateFrameTiming\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ScheduleTable | int | ComLinSched_Tables |\n| The schedule table object to use for timing modifications. |  |  |\n| Frame | int | _ComFrameLin |\n| The LIN frame object whose timing is to be updated. |  |  |\n| ClkDivider | int | uint16 |\n| Clock divider value in counts. |  |  |\n| DelaySyncField | int | uint8 |\n| Delay for the sync field in half-bits (hb). |  |  |\n| DelayBytes | int[] | uint8 |\n| Array of delays for each byte in half-bits (hb). |  |  |\n| DelayChecksum | int | uint8 |\n| Delay for the checksum in half-bits (hb). |  |  |\n| FrameLength | int | uint16 |\n| Total frame length in microseconds (\u00b5s). |  |  |\n| MsgSlot | int | uint16 |\n| Message slot time in microseconds (\u00b5s). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PduDlcMismatch\n\n**Description:** Description: A pdu received on the bus with unexpected dlc. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Id | int | uint32 | hex |\n| ExpectedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n| ObtainedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PduNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: A pdu was received with no matching generated COM pdu. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Id | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Dlc | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}