{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "_SignalValue.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: BitsInRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Test for a numerical value range, where the number is interpreted as (un)signed value. The limits values are inclusive, so if the value is equal to a boundary it counts as in range. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| StartBit | int | uint16 |\n| Big or Little Endian |  |  |\n| BitLength | int | uint16 |\n| ByteOrderBigEndian | boolean | bool |\n| AsSignedValue | boolean | bool |\n| LimitErrorMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is not yet an error |  |  |\n| LimitWarnMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is not yet a warning |  |  |\n| LimitWarnMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is not yet a warning |  |  |\n| LimitErrorMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is not yet an error |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: BitsOutOfRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Test for a numerical value range, where the number is interpreted as (un)signed value. The limits values are exclusive, so if the value is equal to a boundary it counts as out of range. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| StartBit | int | uint16 |\n| Big or Little Endian |  |  |\n| BitLength | int | uint16 |\n| ByteOrderBigEndian | boolean | bool |\n| AsSignedValue | boolean | bool |\n| LimitWarnMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is already a warning |  |  |\n| LimitErrorMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is already an error |  |  |\n| LimitErrorMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is already an error |  |  |\n| LimitWarnMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is already a warning |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: CheckLastUpdateWithin\n\n**Description:** Description: Verify that the last update to this signal happened within the given time. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| WarnDurationMs | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n| ErrorDurationMs | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: CopyRawValueToProcUnitVariable\n\n**Description:** Description: Copy the signal raw value to a variable in the procunit with index \"VariableIndex\" Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| VariableIndex | int | uint8 |\n| Offset | int | uint8 |\n| ByteLength | int | uint8 |\n| BigEndian | boolean | bool |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: DisableTracerLogging\n\n**Description:** Description: Disables signal logging into tracer.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableTracerLogging\n\n**Description:** Description: Enables signal logging into tracer.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Check one time, that the current value is matching the expectation exactly.\nOne message will be created with severity Information/Error. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsCheckNoneOf\n\n**Description:** Description: Check one time, that the current value is not matching one of the non-expectations exactly.\nOne message will be created with severity Information/Error. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _SignalArray | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsCheckOneOf\n\n**Description:** Description: Check one time, that the current value is matching one of the expectations exactly. One message will be created with severity Information/Error. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _SignalArray | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the value is constantly matching the expectation exactly.\nOne message will be created with severity Information/Error immediately and later messages will be created when the severity changes between Information/Error. That means, if the test was in error and the value changes, but the test is still in error, no new message will be created. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestChangeTo\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the value is constantly matching the ValueExpectedNow exactly. The ValueExpectedNow has to be detected at least once! At some time it is allowed to change to the ValueExpectedTarget and is then no more allowed to change. Example case: the horn switch is pressed with Castle and the CAN message is monitored. The CAN message is received in short intervals and the time, when the value for the horn state changes is not exactly known. But it is known that the signal change is in between 40ms .. 80ms.\nAt 40ms the EqualsTestChangeTo is called. After the maximum allowed time for the change EqualsTest is called to ensure the system detects if there was no change. \" Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpectedNow | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueExpectedTarget | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestChangeToAfterUpdates\n\n**Description:** Description: EqualsTestChangeToAfterUpdates signal test monitors the signal value and after 'NrOfUpdates' signal update, it has to match the 'ValueExpectedTarget'. Before the counter expires, the signal value can be either the original value or the new value. The test remains active until another signal test or ValueTestOff is called. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| NrOfUpdates | int | int16 |\n| ValueExpectedTarget | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestChangeToFromCurrent\n\n**Description:** Description: EqualsTestChangeToFromCurrent signal test monitors the signal value change from the current value to the next value and matches the ValueExpectedTarget with the next value. The test remains active until another signal test or ValueTestOff is called. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpectedTarget | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestChangeToOptionalValues\n\n**Description:** Description: test the update sequence of a signal. Note: the OptionalValues shall be passed as raw values to the firmware for proper operation\" Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpectedTarget | _Signal | int64 |\n| the desired final value which the signal will reach at the end of the sequence |  |  |\n| UseSequence | boolean | bool |\n| if true , then the signal will update exactly as the sequence given by the user , if false , then the signal will reach these values but the order is not important |  |  |\n| OptionalValues | long[] | int64 |\n| the sequence of values which the signal could be updated to before reaching the desired final value. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestChangeToOptionalValuesAfterUpdates\n\n**Description:** Description: test the update sequence of a signal. Note: the OptionalValues shall be passed as raw values to the firmware for proper operation\" Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpectedTarget | _Signal | int64 |\n| the desired final value which the signal will reach at the end of the sequence |  |  |\n| NrOfUpdates | int | int16 |\n| maximum number of allowed changes till reaching the ValueExpectedTarget |  |  |\n| UseSequence | boolean | bool |\n| if true , then the signal will update exactly as the sequence given by the user , if false , then the signal will reach these values but the order is not important |  |  |\n| OptionalValues | long[] | int64 |\n| the sequence of values which the signal could be updated to before reaching the desired final value. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestFreeze\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the current value is constantl and not changing. This is equal to EqualsTest to be called with the current signal value.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestNoneOf\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the current value is not matching one of the non-expectations exactly.\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\tOne message will be created with severity Information/Error immediately and later messages will be created\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\twhen the severity changes between Information/Error. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _SignalArray | int64 |\n| Values that are not expected. [MAX = 50] |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestOneOf\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the current value is matching one of the expectations exactly.\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\tOne message will be created with severity Information/Error immediately and later messages will be created\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\twhen the severity changes between Information/Error. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _SignalArray | int64 |\n| Values that are expected. [MAX = 50] |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EqualsTestWithCurrentValue\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Get\n\n**Description:** Description: Get the current value Response timeout: 0\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: InRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Check one time, that the current value is within a given range. One message will be created with severity Information/Warning/Error immediately. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueMin | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMinWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMaxWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMax | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: InRangeCheckRaw\n\n**Description:** Description: Test for a numerical value range, where the number is interpreted as signed value or either 8, 16, 24 or 32 bit. The byte order can be configured. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ByteOrderBigEndian | boolean | bool |\n| Big or Little Endian |  |  |\n| Offset | int | uint8 |\n| in byte count |  |  |\n| BytesCount | int | uint8 |\n| The number of bytes to include in the value. Valid values are 1 .. 4. |  |  |\n| AsSignedValue | boolean | bool |\n| LimitErrorMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is not yet an error |  |  |\n| LimitWarnMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is not yet a warning |  |  |\n| LimitWarnMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is not yet a warning |  |  |\n| LimitErrorMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is not yet an error |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: InRangeTest\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the value is constantly within a given range. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueMin | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMinWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMaxWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMax | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LoggingForceNow\n\n**Description:** Description: Create a single log of the current value of the signal. If this is a bus signal, the current value from the last signal update.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LoggingOnIntervalDisable\n\n**Description:** Description: Disable the logging of the signal value on interval times.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LoggingOnIntervalEnable\n\n**Description:** Description: Enable logging of the signal value with a given interval time.\nIf the logging on interval is already enabled, reenabling forces a logging now and continues with the new interval time. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| IntervalTime | int | uint32 | ms |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LoggingOnUpdateDisable\n\n**Description:** Description: Disable the logging of the signal value on update events.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LoggingOnUpdateEnable\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enable logging of a signal value or a Frame content on each update event. Example: * .FrameContent.LoggingOnUpdateEnable() * .LoggingOnUpdateEnable() Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueChanged | boolean | bool |\n| If true, the logging is only made on changes of the signal's values. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: MaskedEqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Check one time, that the current value is matching the expectation exactly ignoring the bits which are masked out Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: MaskedEqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the value is constantly matching the expectation exactly ignoring the bits which are masked out Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: MaskedNotEqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Check one time, that the current value is not matching the expectation exactly ignoring the bits which are masked out Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: MaskedNotEqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the value is constantly not matching the expectation exactly ignoring the bits which are masked out Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ModifyBits\n\n**Description:** Description: Sets a range of bits defined by StartBit and BitLength in _Signal considering signal endianess and Sign. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | long | int64 |\n| StartBit | int | uint16 |\n| BitLength | int | uint16 |\n| ByteOrderBigEndian | boolean | bool |\n| AsSignedValue | boolean | bool |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ModifyBytes\n\n**Description:** Description: Modify the framecontent  by replacing a byte sequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Offset | int | uint16 |  |\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: NotEqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Check one time, that the current value is not matching the expectation exactly.\nOne message will be created with severity Information/Error. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: NotEqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the current value is not matching the expectations exactly .\nOne message will be created with severity Information/Error immediately and later messages will be created when the severity changes between Information/Error. That means, if the test was in error and the value changes, but the test is still in error, no new message will be created. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: OutOfRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Test for a numerical value range, where the number is interpreted as (un)signed value.\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe limits values are exclusive, so if the value is equal to a boundary it counts as out of range. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ByteOrderBigEndian | boolean | bool |\n| Big or Little Endian |  |  |\n| Offset | int | uint8 |\n| in byte count |  |  |\n| BytesCount | int | uint8 |\n| The number of bytes to include in the value. Valid values are 1 .. 4. |  |  |\n| AsSignedValue | boolean | bool |\n| LimitWarnMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is already a warning |  |  |\n| LimitErrorMin | long | int64 |\n| Minimum value that is already an error |  |  |\n| LimitErrorMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is already an error |  |  |\n| LimitWarnMax | long | int64 |\n| Maximum value that is already a warning |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Set\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Purpose: \n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDefaultValue\n\n**Description:** Description: Reset the signal to the default value\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetWithMask\n\n**Description:** Description: Sets a signal value without modifying the masked out bits. This translate to: 1 in the mask means that the bit will be modified. 0 in the mask means that the bit will NOT be modified. SignalValue = ( SignalValue & ~Mask ) | ( Value & Mask ); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Value | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TimingTest\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Testing the timing of a periodic frame, to check if it follows a specific timings Example: * .objFrameContent.afcTimingTest(50, 50, 250, 250) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| CycleMin | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| The minimum cycle time. If the measured cycle time is below this value, an error is generated. |  |  |  |  |\n| CycleMinWarn | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| The minimum cycle time for a warning. If the measured cycle time is below this value (but above CycleMin), a warning is generated. |  |  |  |  |\n| CycleMaxWarn | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| The maximum cycle time for a warning. If the measured cycle time is above this value (but below CycleMax), a warning is generated. |  |  |  |  |\n| CycleMax | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| The maximum cycle time. If the measured cycle time is above this value, an error is generated. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TimingTestOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Stops the timing test of a periodic frame Example: * .objFrameContent.afcTimingTest(50, 50, 250, 250) * .objFrameContent.afcTimingTestOff()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TimingTestWithFirstUpdate\n\n**Description:** Description: Test from now on, that the difference time between two consequtive signal updates is withing a given range. The check is done when calling TimingTest, TimingTestOff, signal update and on a slow cyclic task. If the test is deactivated before the FirstUpdate time expires, there will be no error generated. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| CycleMin | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| CycleMinWarn | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| CycleMaxWarn | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| CycleMax | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| FirstUpdate | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateCounterCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Check the update counter against an expectation value value range. So also the Update Test description in the _Signal interface doc. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MinError | int | int32 |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| MaxError | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateCounterCheckAndReset\n\n**Description:** Description: Check the update counter against an expectation value value range. Afterwards, set the update counter to zero. So also the Update Test description in the _Signal interface doc. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MinError | int | int32 |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| MaxError | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateCounterGet\n\n**Description:** Description: Get the current state of the update counter. Optionally this function can set the update counter to zero (DoReset). So also the Update Test description in the _Signal interface doc. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| DoReset | boolean | bool |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateCounterReset\n\n**Description:** Description: Reset the update counter of the signal. So also the Update Test description in the _Signal interface doc.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateIsAllowed\n\n**Description:** Description: By default, all signals allow updates. If this is set to false, each update on this signal value will generate an error. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Allowed | boolean | bool |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateOnInterval\n\n**Description:** Description: Passive input signal shall be updated on a periodic cycle. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| IntervalTime | int | uint32 | ms |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UpdateOnIntervalOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Passive input signal shall no more be updated on a periodic cycle.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ValueTestOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Deactive the currently active test for value. This may be the equals test, in range, outside range.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ArrayEqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValuesExpected | _SignalArray | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: BitsInRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Result of the range test Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| StartBit | int | uint16 |\n| BitLength | int | uint16 |\n| ByteOrderBigEndian | boolean | bool |\n| Big or Little Endian |  |  |\n| AsSignedValue | boolean | bool |\n| LimitErrorMin | int | uint32 |\n| LimitWarnMin | int | uint32 |\n| Value | int | uint32 |\n| LimitWarnMax | int | uint32 |\n| LimitErrorMax | int | uint32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: BitsOutOfRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Result of the range test Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| StartBit | int | uint16 |\n| BitLength | int | uint16 |\n| ByteOrderBigEndian | boolean | bool |\n| Big or Little Endian |  |  |\n| AsSignedValue | boolean | bool |\n| LimitWarnMin | int | uint32 |\n| LimitErrorMin | int | uint32 |\n| Value | int | uint32 |\n| LimitErrorMax | int | uint32 |\n| LimitWarnMax | int | uint32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: CheckLastUpdateWithin\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| RealDurationMs | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n| WarnDurationMs | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n| ErrorDurationMs | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EqualsCheckNoneOf\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValuesNotExpected | _SignalArray | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EqualsCheckOneOf\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValuesExpected | _SignalArray | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: EqualsTestChangeTo\n\n**Description:** Description: The message is generated once, when the EqualsTestChangeTo test is active and a signal value change is detected. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpectedFrom | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueExpectedTo | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueAct | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Get\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: InRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueMin | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMinWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMaxWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMax | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: InRangeCheckRaw\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Offset | int | uint16 |\n| ValueMin | long | int64 |\n| ValueMinWarn | long | int64 |\n| Value | long | int64 |\n| ValueMaxWarn | long | int64 |\n| ValueMax | long | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: InRangeTest\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueMin | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMinWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMaxWarn | _Signal | int64 |\n| ValueMax | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: IndexOutOfBounds\n\n**Description:** Description: A given offset or calculated offset value exceeds the length of the received signal. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Offset | int | uint16 |\n| Length | int | uint16 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Log\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| UpdateCount | int | int32 |\n| ValueChanged | boolean | bool |\n| LoggingCause | LoggingCause | int |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: MaskedEqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _Signal | int64 | - |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 | - |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: MaskedEqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueExpected | _Signal | int64 | - |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 | - |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: MaskedNotEqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | _Signal | int64 | - |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 | - |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: MaskedNotEqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | _Signal | int64 | - |\n| Mask | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 | - |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotEqualsCheck\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotEqualsTest\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ValueNotExpected | _Signal | int64 |\n| Value | _Signal | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotYetUpdated\n\n**Description:** Description: Indicate the condition, that this signal had never had a value assigned since the Castle module's startup\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: OutOfRangeCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Result of the out of range test Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Offset | int | uint16 |\n| LimitWarnMin | long | int64 |\n| LimitErrorMin | long | int64 |\n| Value | long | int64 |\n| LimitErrorMax | long | int64 |\n| LimitWarnMax | long | int64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RegisteredMonitorAliveCounterFunction\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RegisteredMonitorChecksumFunction\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RegisteredTxAliveCounterFunction\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RegisteredTxChecksumFunction\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TimingTest\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| CycleMin | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| CycleMinWarn | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| CycleValue | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| CycleMaxWarn | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| CycleMax | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| SignalUpdateOccurred | boolean | bool |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TimingTestNoUpdates\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Since | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TimingTestNotActive\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UpdateCounterCheck\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MinError | int | int32 |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| Value | int | int32 |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| MaxError | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UpdateCounterGet\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UpdateHappenedButNotAllowed\n\n**Description:** Description: The signal was set to UpdateIsAllowed false, but it was updated.\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}