{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "BipIo.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: ConfigureConnectedBip\n\n**Description:** Description: Configures the single wire CAN transceiver transmission modes. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| BipVersion | BipVersion | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LineErrorBipolar\n\n**Description:** Description: Valid busses are CAN, Flexray. Line=1 is low or minus, Line=2 is high or plus, Line=3 is both. Note: Use Set/Pulse-ErrorEnablement to activate the error condition. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Bus | BusBi | int |\n| Line | Line | int |\n| ErrorType | LineError | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LineErrorUnipolar\n\n**Description:** Description: Create Errors on Unipolar busses which are LIN, KLINE. Note: Use Set/Pulse-ErrorEnablement to activate the error condition. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Bus | BusUni | int |\n| ErrorType | LineError | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: LineShorting\n\n**Description:** Description: Valid busses are CAN, Flexray. This activates a shortcut between the bus lines low-high or minus-plus. To remove the error call LineErrorBipolar with NOERROR for both lines. Note: Use Set/Pulse-ErrorEnablement to activate the error condition. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Bus | BusBi | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: PulseErrorEnablement\n\n**Description:** Description: Generate a pulse on the error simulation enable line. For example if a line shorting with 500\u00b5s shall be simulated, first disable the ErrorEnablement (see SetErrorEnablement), then prepare the simulation with the individual Line... functions, then trigger the error with this function. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | int | uint16 | \u00b5s |\n| Pulse | int | uint16 | \u00b5s |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetErrorEnablement\n\n**Description:** Description: Switch the enable line for the error simulation hardware. If inactive, no error is active at all. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| State | boolean | bool |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetSingleWireCanTransmissionMode\n\n**Description:** Description: Configures the single wire CAN transceiver transmission modes. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SingleWireCanMode | SingleWireTransModes | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: BipCommunicationError\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Address | int | uint8 | hex |\n| Device | int[] | uint8 | ascii |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}