{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "CanDriver.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: ConfigureRestart\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the CAN bus restart behavior based on error events. Example: *_ApiConfigureRestart(ItfCanDriver.EnmRestartCause.BusOff, ItfCanDriver.EnmErrorLevel.WARN, ItfCanDriver.EnmErrorLevel.ERROR); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| BusRestartOn | RestartCause | int |\n| Specifies the event that triggers a bus restart (ErrorPassive or BusOff). |  |  |\n| ReportLevelErrorPassive | ErrorLevel | int |\n| Sets the error reporting level for the ErrorPassive event. |  |  |\n| ReportLevelBusOff | ErrorLevel | int |\n| Sets the error reporting level for the BusOff event. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: DisableNextRxMessageAck\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Disable sending Castle ACK flag of the next NonAckCount received messages. Only 1 is the supported number for NonAckCount. Example: *_ApiDisableNextRxMessageAck(1); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Default |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| NonAckCount | int | uint8 | 1 |\n| The number of messages to disable ACK for (currently only 1 is supported). |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: DisableTxFIFOInterrupt\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Disable the error message which the TX fifo is full. Example: *_ApiDisableTxFIFOInterrupt(true); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| DisableTXFiFoInt | boolean | bool |\n| True to disable, False to enable. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableCanStatReaderTask\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enable or disable scheduling of canStatReader task, needed for some projects to enhance performance monitoring. Example: *_ApiEnableCanStatReaderTask(true); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| True to enable, False to disable. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableRxRawFrameProcessing\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: To enable or disable the processing of the raw frame which configured by RxRawFrame API. Example: *_ApiEnableRxRawFrameProcessing(ItfCanDriver.EnmEnableProcessingEnum.RawFrame); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | EnableProcessingEnum | int |\n| Discard or RawFrame. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Init\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Activate the CAN driver. If already active, it is re-initialized. - A normal mode is used when other nodes are active. - This call is normally not needed. It makes sense, if the bus lines were shorted, and a explicit activation is needed. - When Initialization is set with SELF_ACK mode,  an acknowledge from other nodes is not needed. Example: *_ApiInit(ItfCanDriver.EnmMode.SELF_ACK); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Mode | Mode | int |\n| NORMAL or SELF_ACK. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: InjectRxFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Simulate the processing as if a frame would have been received. Example: *_ApiInjectRxFrame(0x123, \"AA BB CC\"); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| CanId | int | int32 |  |\n| The CAN identifier of the injected frame. |  |  |  |\n| Payload | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| The raw data bytes of the injected frame. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportFrameDlcMismatchInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: If a frame received on the bus in the network but with a mismatch dlc than expected. report this frame with the given error level, or not if the error level is given as NOTHING. Example: *_ApiReportFrameDlcMismatchInCom(ItfCanDriver.EnmErrorLevel.ERROR); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR or FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportFrameNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: If a frame was received on the bus, but no matching Frame in the generated COM was found, report this frame with the given error level, or not if the error level is given as NOTHING. Example: *_ApiReportFrameNotFoundInCom(ItfCanDriver.EnmErrorLevel.WARN); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| NOTHING, INFO, WARN, ERROR or FATAL. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: RxRawFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configure the ID of the receive raw frame. If a frame on that ID is received, the signals RxRawFrameContent, RxRawDlc and RxRawId are updated. Example: *_ApiRxRawFrame(0x123); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ID | int | uint32 | hex |\n| The CAN identifier to filter for (hex format). |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetBusTimingRegister\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Overrides the btr0 and btr1 of the sja1000 controller into the fpga. For more information about sja1000 : visit this link For more information about correct values for your case : visit this link Example: *_ApiSetBusTimingRegister(0x10, 0x00); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Btr0 | int | uint8 |\n| Value for the btr0 register. |  |  |\n| Btr1 | int | uint8 |\n| Value for the btr1 register. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetCanControllerMode\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Modify the Can Fd Controller Mode between ISO and Non ISO. Example: *_ApiSetCanControllerMode(ItfCanDriver.EnmCanControllerMode.IsoCanFd); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| CanControllerMode | CanControllerMode | int |\n| The desired CAN FD controller mode (NonIsoCanFd or IsoCanFd). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetCanFdSpeed\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Modify the CAN-FD transmission bit rate and data rate at runtime. Here's the default btr0 and btr1 for different bit rates: 33 \u00a0Kbps (btr0=0x31 and btr1=0x39) 83 \u00a0Kbps (btr0=0x4E and btr1=0x3E) 100 Kbps (btr0=0x09 and btr1=0x7F) 125 Kbps (btr0=0x49 and btr1=0x3E) 250 Kbps (btr0=0x44 and btr1=0x3E) 500 Kbps (btr0=0x01 and btr1=0x7F) 1 \u2002Mbps (btr0=0x00 and btr1=0x7F) - Here's the default dtr0 and dtr1 for different data rates: 500 Kbps (dtr0=0x03 and dtr1=0x7F) 1 \u2002Mbps (dtr0=0x01 and dtr1=0x7F) 2 \u2002Mbps (dtr0=0x00 and dtr1=0x7F) 4 \u2002Mbps (dtr0=0x00 and dtr1=0x45) 5 \u2002Mbps (dtr0=0x00 and dtr1=0x34) 8 \u2002Mbps (dtr0=0x00 and dtr1=0x11) For more information about sja1000 : visit this link Example: *_ApiSetCanFdSpeed(ItfCanDriver.EnmCAN_bitRate.BITRATE_1_MBPS, ItfCanDriver.EnmCAN_dataRate.DATARATE_2_MBPS); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| BitRate | CAN_bitRate | int |\n| The desired bit rate. |  |  |\n| DataRate | CAN_dataRate | int |\n| The desired data rate. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetCanSpeed\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Modify the CAN transmission bit rate at runtime. - Here's the default btr0 and btr1 for different bit rates: 33 \u00a0Kbps (btr0=0x31 and btr1=0x39) 83 \u00a0Kbps (btr0=0x4E and btr1=0x3E) 100 Kbps (btr0=0x09 and btr1=0x7F) 125 Kbps (btr0=0x49 and btr1=0x3E) 250 Kbps (btr0=0x44 and btr1=0x3E) 500 Kbps (btr0=0x01 and btr1=0x7F) 1 \u2002Mbps (btr0=0x00 and btr1=0x7F)>br> For more information about sja1000 : visit this link Example: *_ApiSetCanSpeed(ItfCanDriver.EnmCAN_bitRate.BITRATE_500_KBPS); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| BitRate | CAN_bitRate | int |\n| The desired bit rate. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDataTimingRegister\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Overrides the dtr0 and dtr1 of the modified sja1000 controller into the fpga. For more information about correct values for your case : visit this link Example: *_ApiSetDataTimingRegister(0x10, 0x00); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Dtr0 | int | uint8 |\n| Value for the dtr0 register. |  |  |\n| Dtr1 | int | uint8 |\n| Value for the dtr1 register. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Shutdown\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Deactivate the CAN driver. Example: *_ApiShutdown();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: StopRxAckSpecificFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enable or disable stop Rx acknowledgement on specific frame ID. Example: *_ApiStopRxAckSpecificFrame(true, RxFrameObject); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| True to enable stopping Rx acknowledgement, False to disable. |  |  |\n| Frame | int | _ComFrameCanRx |\n| The CAN receive frame object. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TxRawFdFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Send data on the CAN bus as raw frame for CAN FD. This call is by passing the normal signal processing and can send any ID on the CAN bus. The DLC is taken from the length of the given data. Example: *_ApiTxRawFdFrame(0x123, \"AA BB CC\", true, true, false, false); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format | MinLength | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ID | int | uint32 | hex | - | - |\n| The CAN identifier for the frame (hex format). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | raw | 0 | 64 |\n| The raw data to be sent. |  |  |  |  |  |\n| IDE | boolean | bool |  | - | - |\n| Identifier Extension bit. |  |  |  |  |  |\n| EDL | boolean | bool |  | - | - |\n| Extended Data Length bit. |  |  |  |  |  |\n| BRS | boolean | bool |  | - | - |\n| Bit Rate Switch bit. |  |  |  |  |  |\n| RTR | boolean | bool |  | - | - |\n| Remote Transmission Request bit. |  |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TxRawFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Send data on the CAN bus as raw frame for CAN. This call is by passing the normal signal processing and can send any ID on the CAN bus. The DLC is taken from the length of the given data. Example: *_ApiTxRawFrame(0x123, \"AA BB CC\"); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format | MinLength | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ID | int | uint32 | hex | - | - |\n| The CAN identifier for the frame (hex format). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | raw | 0 | 8 |\n| The raw data to be sent. |  |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TxStartPeriodicRawFdFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Send data on the CAN bus as raw frame for CAN FD periodically. This call is by passing the normal signal processing and can send any ID on the CAN bus. The DLC is taken from the length of the given data. 8 Tx Raw frames can be active at the same time. Example: *_ApiTxStartPeriodicRawFdFrame(0x123, \"AA BB CC\", true, true, false, false, 100); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit | Format | MinLength | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ID | int | uint32 |  | hex | - | - |\n| The CAN identifier for the frame (hex format). |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Data | int[] | uint8 |  | raw | 0 | 64 |\n| The raw data to be sent. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| IDE | boolean | bool |  |  | - | - |\n| Identifier Extension bit. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| EDL | boolean | bool |  |  | - | - |\n| Extended Data Length bit. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| BRS | boolean | bool |  |  | - | - |\n| Bit Rate Switch bit. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| RTR | boolean | bool |  |  | - | - |\n| Remote Transmission Request bit. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| CycleTime | int | uint32 | ms |  | - | - |\n| The period in milliseconds. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TxStartPeriodicRawFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Send data on the CAN bus as raw frame for CAN periodically. This call is by passing the normal signal processing and can send any ID on the CAN bus. The DLC is taken from the length of the given data. 8 Tx Raw frames can be active at the same time. Example: *_ApiTxStartPeriodicRawFrame(0x123, \"AA BB CC\", 100); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit | Format | MinLength | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ID | int | uint32 |  | hex | - | - |\n| The CAN identifier for the frame (hex format). |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Data | int[] | uint8 |  | raw | 0 | 8 |\n| The raw data to be sent. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n| CycleTime | int | uint32 | ms |  | - | - |\n| The period in milliseconds. |  |  |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TxStopPeriodicRawFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Stops immediatly the periodic sending of the raw frame given by the frame ID. Example: *_ApiTxStopPeriodicRawFrame(0x123); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ID | int | uint32 | hex |\n| The CAN identifier of the frame to stop (hex format). |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: BusRestart\n\n**Description:** Description: The CAN controller was reset and the TX queue was cleared. This happened because of increased error counters. The controller was going into at least error passive state. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| RestartCause | RestartCause | int |\n| TxErrorCounter | int | uint16 |\n| RxErrorCounter | int | uint16 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: CanFrameDlcMismatch\n\n**Description:** Description: A Can frame received on the bus with unexpected dlc. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Id | int | uint32 | hex |\n| ExpectedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n| ObtainedDlc | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: FrameNotFoundInCom\n\n**Description:** Description: A frame was received with no matching generated COM frame. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ID | int | uint32 | hex |\n| DLC | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NoCanFrameId\n\n**Description:** Description: The user try to enable processing rx raw frame although no id set to be enabled, API \"RxRawFrame\" shall be called first to parse the id.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TransmissionFIFOFull\n\n**Description:** Description: The user try to send can messages while the transmission fifo is full so there will be some missed messages on the bus.\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: ValidFramesPerSec\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Unit | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ValidFramesPerSec | _Signal | Signal | int | 0 | 1 | 1/s | 2 | false | false |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: ErrorFramesPerSec\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Unit | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ErrorFramesPerSec | _Signal | Signal | int | 0 | 1 | 1/s | 2 | false | false |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: RxRawFrameContent\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Format | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| RxRawFrameContent | _Signal | Signal | byte | 0 | 1 | raw | 64 | true | false |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: RxRawFrameDlc\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| RxRawFrameDlc | _Signal | Signal | int | 0 | 1 | 1 | false | false |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: RxRawFrameId\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| RxRawFrameId | _Signal | Signal | int | 0 | 1 | 4 | false | false |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}