{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "DataServerTest.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: Abort\n\n**Description:** Description: Abort the running process.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Copy\n\n**Description:** Description: Copy from one source location to a target location. The process is implemented by download and uploading in alternating sequence. Per transaction up to 100KB are transferred. After completion, the event and the message \"Completed\" are triggered. Parameters: Response timeout: 60000\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| SourceUri | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Example: file:///c:/mydir/myfile.txt |  |  |  |\n| TargetUri | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Example: file:///c:/mydir/myfile.txt |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: DownloadStart\n\n**Description:** Description: Copy up to 100KB into a RAM buffer. After completion, the event and the message \"Completed\" are triggered. Parameters: Response timeout: 5000\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| SourceUri | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Example: file:///c:/mydir/myfile.txt |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: UploadStart\n\n**Description:** Description: Copy the content of store RAM buffer to the PC. After completion, the event and the message \"Completed\" are triggered. Parameters: Response timeout: 5000\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| TargetUri | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Example: file:///c:/mydir/myfile.txt |  |  |  |\n| Append | boolean | bool |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Aborted\n\n**Description:** Description: The started process was aborted due to an error or a call of the abort function.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Completed\n\n**Description:** Description: The started process is successfully completed. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| XferSize | int | int32 |  |  |\n| Duration | long | int64 | 0.000001 | ms |\n| Bandwidth | int | int32 | 0.001 | KB/s |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: StartNextDownload\n\n**Description:** Description: In the copy action, another download action is started. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Index | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: StartNextUpload\n\n**Description:** Description: In the copy action, another upload action is started. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Remaining | int | int32 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}