{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "DataServer.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: Download\n\n**Description:** Description: Download a complete file Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Purpose | int | uint32 |  | - |\n| A number that may make sense for the firmware. So it can listen for the comple event and handle the data. |  |  |  |  |\n| FileName | int[] | uint8 | utf8 | 128 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: DownloadBlock\n\n**Description:** Description: Download a section of a file Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Purpose | int | uint32 |  | - |\n| A number that may make sense for the firmware. So it can listen for the comple event and handle the data. |  |  |  |  |\n| FileName | int[] | uint8 | utf8 | 128 |\n| Offset | long | int64 |  | - |\n| Size | long | int64 |  | - |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnsureConnection\n\n**Description:** Description: Establish the connection. If already connected, verify the connection is active with the given parameters Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| HwInterface | HwInterface | int | - | - |\n| TestParam | int[] | uint8 | utf8 | 32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ConnectionEstablished\n\n**Description:** Description: Connection either already established, or the connection process just finished successfully\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ConnectionProblem\n\n**Description:** Description: Report if connection process failed or a existing connection is interrupted. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Cause | ConnectionError | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}