{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "EdgeTrace.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: Message_GetLength\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Returns the number of messages, where each message carries a specific number of values (typically 500). Example: *_ApiMessage_GetLength() //Returns the number of messages. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Return Messages : - On Success : this MakeMsg \"Message_Length\" Wil lbe returned Response timeout: 0\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Message_Log\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Returns the values contained within the message at the specified index. Example: *_ApiMessage_Log(3) //Returns the values in the message at index 3. Dependency: This  API Must be called after Sequence_Log() API Return Messages : - On Success : this MakeMsg \"Sequence_Values\" Wil lbe returned Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MessageIndex | int | int32 |\n| The index of the message to retrieve. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - processes a sequence of period widths in nanoseconds from the recorded data. If WithRisingEdges is false, the polarity of the period width description is inverted. - In the recorded data, rising edges mark the start and end of a period. The time difference is evaluated in nanoseconds (e.g., a value of 1000 == 1\u00b5s, 50000 == 50\u00b5s). Example: *_ApiPwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs(0x04, false, 100) //processes a sequence of period widths from channel 4, using falling edges, with a maximum length of 100. Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Stop() that followed by *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | int | uint8 |\n| The channel number to analyze for pulse widths. (Valid From 0 - 7) as we have only 8 channels per object |  |  |\n| WithRisingEdges | boolean | bool |\n| A boolean indicating whether to use rising edges (true) or falling edges (false) to mark the period. |  |  |\n| MaxLength | int | int32 |\n| The maximum length of the sequence to be processed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - processes a sequence of period widths in 20ns ticks from the recorded data. If WithRisingEdges is false, the polarity of the period width description is inverted. - In the recorded data, rising edges mark the start and end of a period. The time difference is evaluated in 20ns steps (e.g., a value of 1000 == 20\u00b5s, 50000 == 1ms). Example: *_ApiPwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks(0x03, true, 150) //processes a sequence of period widths from channel 3, using rising edges, with a maximum length of 150. Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Stop() that followed by *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | int | uint8 |\n| The channel number to analyze for pulse widths. (Valid From 0 - 7) as we have only 8 channels per object |  |  |\n| WithRisingEdges | boolean | bool |\n| A boolean indicating whether to use rising edges (true) or falling edges (false) to mark the period. |  |  |\n| MaxLength | int | int32 |\n| The maximum length of the sequence to be processed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Searches through the recorded data and Processes a sequence of pulse widths in nanoseconds. If PulsePolarityPositive is false, the polarity of the pulse width description is inverted. - In the recorded data, rising edges and the following falling edge mark the start and end of a pulse. The time difference is evaluated in nanoseconds (e.g., a value of 1000 == 1\u00b5s, 50000 == 50\u00b5s). Example: *_ApiPwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs(0x02, false, 200) //processes a sequence of pulse widths from channel 2, assuming negative polarity, with a maximum length of 200. Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Stop() that followed by *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | int | uint8 |\n| The channel number to analyze for pulse widths. (Valid From 0 - 7) as we have only 8 channels per object |  |  |\n| PulsePolarityPositive | boolean | bool |\n| A boolean indicating whether the pulse polarity is positive \"Clk from Low To high\" (true) or negative \"Clk From Low to High (false) |  |  |\n| MaxLength | int | int32 |\n| The maximum length of the sequence to be processed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceTicks\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Searches through the recorded data and builds a sequence of pulse widths in 20ns ticks. If PulsePolarityPositive is false, the polarity of the pulse width description is inverted. - In the recorded data, rising edges and the following falling edge mark the start and end of a pulse. The time difference is evaluated in 20ns steps (e.g., a value of 1000 == 20\u00b5s, 50000 == 1ms). Example: *_ApiPwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceTicks(0x01, true, 100) //Processes a sequence of pulse widths from channel 1, assuming positive polarity, with a maximum length of 100. Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Stop() that followed by *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | int | uint8 |\n| The channel number to analyze for pulse widths. (Valid From 0 - 7) as we have only 8 channels per object |  |  |\n| PulsePolarityPositive | boolean | bool |\n| A boolean indicating whether the pulse polarity is positive \"Clk from Low To high\" (true) or negative \"Clk From Low to High (false) |  |  |\n| MaxLength | int | int32 |\n| The maximum length of the sequence to be processed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Calculates the pulse-width modulation (PWM) ratio in parts per million (PPM) and builds a sequence. If WithRisingEdges is false, the polarity of the pulse width description is inverted. - In the recorded data, rising edges mark the start and end of a period. The pulse length is defined as the time from the start of the period to the falling edge in between. The ratio ppm is calculated as 1e6 * pulse / period (1000000 == 100%). Example: *_ApiPwm_RatioPpmToSequence(0x05, true, 50) //Calculates the PWM ratio in PPM from channel 5, using rising edges, with a maximum length of 50. Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Stop() that followed by *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | int | uint8 |\n| The channel number to analyze for pulse widths. (Valid From 0 - 7) as we have only 8 channels per object |  |  |\n| WithRisingEdges | boolean | bool |\n| A boolean indicating whether to use rising edges (true) or falling edges (false) to mark the period. |  |  |\n| MaxLength | int | int32 |\n| The maximum length of the sequence to be processed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Recording_CheckSampleCount\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Checks if the number of samples recorded falls within the acceptable range. Example: *_ApiRecording_CheckSampleCount(10, 20, 80, 90) //Checks if the sample count is within the specified error and warning limits. Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Stop() that followed by *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MinErr | int | int32 |\n| Minimum acceptable sample count before an error is flagged. |  |  |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| Minimum acceptable sample count before a warning is flagged. |  |  |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| Maximum acceptable sample count before a warning is flagged. |  |  |\n| MaxErr | int | int32 |\n| Maximum acceptable sample count before an error is flagged. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Recording_LogValues\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Logs the current values of the selected channels. Example: *_ApiRecording_LogValues() //Logs the current values of the channels being monitored. Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Stop() that followed by *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask);\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Recording_SequenceDuration\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Checks the duration of a recorded sequence between two specified indices. Example: *_ApiRecording_SequenceDuration(10, 50, 1000, 5000) //Checks the duration between indices 10 and 50, expecting a duration between 1000\u00b5s and 5000\u00b5s. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| startIndex | int | int32 |  |\n| The starting index of the sequence duration. |  |  |  |\n| endIndex | int | int32 |  |\n| The ending index of the sequence duration. |  |  |  |\n| MinExpectedTimeStampInUs | long | uint64 | \u00b5s |\n| The minimum expected timestamp duration in microseconds (\u00b5s). |  |  |  |\n| MaxExpectedTimeStampInUs | long | uint64 | \u00b5s |\n| The maximum expected timestamp duration in microseconds (\u00b5s). |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Recording_Start\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Starts recording data. Example: *_ApiRecording_Start(0x01); //Start recording on the first channel (Channel Index 1) *_ApiRecording_Start(0x04); //Start recording on the third channel (Channel Index 3) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| SensitiveChannelMask | int | uint8 | hex |\n| The mask to select which channels to record (Currently One Channel at a time) |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Recording_Stop\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Stops the ongoing recording. Example: *_ApiRecording_Stop() //Stops the current recording Dependency: This  API Must be called after *_ApiRecording_Start(Ch_Mask);\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_CheckAllValuesInRange\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Checks if all values in the current sequence are within acceptable limits. Example: *_ApiSequence_CheckAllValuesInRange(100, 200, 800, 900) //Checks if all values in the sequence are within the specified error and warning limits. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MinErr | int | int32 |\n| The minimum acceptable value in the sequence for an error condition. |  |  |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| The minimum acceptable value in the sequence for a warning condition. |  |  |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| The maximum acceptable value in the sequence for a warning condition. |  |  |\n| MaxErr | int | int32 |\n| The maximum acceptable value in the sequence for an error condition. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_CheckLength\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Checks if the length of the current sequence is within acceptable limits. Example: *_ApiSequence_CheckLength(10, 20, 80, 90) //Checks if the sequence length is within the specified error and warning limits. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MinErr | int | int32 |\n| The minimum acceptable sequence length for an error condition. |  |  |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| The minimum acceptable sequence length for a warning condition. |  |  |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| The maximum acceptable sequence length for a warning condition. |  |  |\n| MaxErr | int | int32 |\n| The maximum acceptable sequence length for an error condition. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_CheckValueInRange\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Checks if a specific value in the current sequence is within acceptable limits. Example: *_ApiSequence_CheckValueInRange(5, 100, 200, 800, 900) //Checks if the value at index 5 in the sequence is within the specified error and warning limits. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Index | int | int32 |\n| The index of the value in the sequence to check. |  |  |\n| MinErr | int | int32 |\n| The minimum acceptable value for an error condition. |  |  |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| The minimum acceptable value for a warning condition. |  |  |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| The maximum acceptable value for a warning condition. |  |  |\n| MaxErr | int | int32 |\n| The maximum acceptable value for an error condition. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_GetLength\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Retrieves the length of the current sequence. Example: *_ApiSequence_GetLength() //Returns the length of the current sequence. (This function can be called as afc or sfc Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Return Messages : - On Success : MakeMsg \"Sequence_Length\" Wil lbe returned Response timeout: 0\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_Log\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Logs the current sequence data. Example: *_ApiSequence_Log() //Logs the current sequence data. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_LogAnalysis\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Checks the number of raw values within specified ranges in the \"sequence_Log\". - This API verifies that the number of raw values falling between minRequiredLogValue and maxRequiredLogValue is within the acceptable range defined by minNoOfInRangeOccurrences and maxNoOfInRangeOccurrences, starting from the first index of \"sequence_Log\". Example: *_ApiSequence_LogAnalysis({100}, {200}, {5}, {10}) //Checks if the number of values between 100 and 200 is between 5 and 10 in the logged sequence. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| minRequiredLogValue | long[] | int64 |\n| An array containing the minimum required log value for each range. |  |  |\n| maxRequiredLogValue | long[] | int64 |\n| An array containing the maximum required log value for each range. |  |  |\n| minNoOfInRangeOccurances | int[] | uint32 |\n| An array containing the minimum number of occurrences required within each range. |  |  |\n| maxNoOfInRangeOccurances | int[] | uint32 |\n| An array containing the maximum number of occurrences allowed within each range. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_LogAnalysis_2\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Performs sequence log analysis specifically for stepper motor applications (AUDI/VW Project Specific API). Example: *_ApiSequence_LogAnalysis_2({1000, 1010, 990}, 5, 2, 3) //Analyzes the sequence log for stepper motor data with specified tolerances and number of elements to check. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ActualReadings | long[] | int64 |\n| An array containing the actual readings from the stepper motor. |  |  |\n| PwmTolerance | int | uint32 |\n| The tolerance value for PWM (Pulse Width Modulation) measurements. |  |  |\n| SampleTolerance | int | uint32 |\n| The tolerance value for sample measurements. |  |  |\n| NoOfFirstElementsToBeChecked | int | uint32 |\n| The number of initial elements in the sequence to be checked. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_RemoveElementsBiggerOrSmallerThan\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Removes all elements from the sequence that are smaller or biggher than the given value. the process stop at the MaxLengh Given Example: *Sequence_RemoveElementsBiggerOrSmallerThan(true, 50, 5000) //Removes all elements from the sequence that are bigger than 50 and the process will run only for the first 5000 elements Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ifBiggerThan | boolean | bool |\n| if true that means all elements bigger than the input value will be removed ,if false the smaller than elements will be removed |  |  |\n| Value | int | uint32 |\n| The value to compare against. Leading elements bigger or smaller than this value will be removed. |  |  |\n| MaxLength | int | int32 |\n| The maximum length of the sequence to be processed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_RemoveFirstElementsBiggerThan\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Removes all leading elements from the sequence that are greater than the given value. The removal process stops at the first element that does not meet this criteria. Example: *_ApiSequence_RemoveFirstElementsBiggerThan(150) //Removes all leading elements from the sequence that are greater than 150. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | int32 |\n| The value to compare against. Leading elements greater than this value will be removed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_RemoveFirstElementsSmallerThan\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Removes all leading elements from the sequence that are smaller than the given value. The removal process stops at the first element that does not meet this criteria. Example: *_ApiSequence_RemoveFirstElementsSmallerThan(50) //Removes all leading elements from the sequence that are smaller than 50. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | int32 |\n| The value to compare against. Leading elements smaller than this value will be removed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Sequence_RemoveTail\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Removes all elements from the sequence starting at the given FromIndex. The resulting sequence has a maximum length equal to FromIndex. Example: *_ApiSequence_RemoveTail(25) //Removes all elements from the sequence starting at index 25. Dependency: This  API Must be called after one of these APIS : - Pwm_PulseWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceTicks - Pwm_PeriodWidthsToSequenceNs - Pwm_RatioPpmToSequence Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| FromIndex | int | int32 |\n| The index from which to remove elements. The element at this index and all subsequent elements will be removed. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: JobFinished\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ProcessedItems | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: MessageLogInvalidIndex\n\n**Description:** Description: Notifies to the user that the input Message Index exceeds the limits Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| InputMsgIndex | int | uint32 |\n| MaxMsgIndex | int | uint32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Message_Length\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Length | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RecordingInvalidIndex\n\n**Description:** Description: Notifies to the user that the index to read (requested by the user) is higher than the number of data recorded Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Index | int | int32 |\n| NumberOfSamples | int | uint32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Recording_NoData\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Recording_SequenceDuration\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| TimeDifferenceInUs | long | uint64 |\n| MinExpectedTimeDiffInUs | long | uint64 |\n| MaxExpectedTimeDiffInUs | long | uint64 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Recording_Stopped\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SampleCount | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Recording_TraceValues\n\n**Description:** Description: Each value has 8 bit channels state in bit 31..24 and timestamp in bit 23 .. 0.\nThe timestamp is in 50MHz steps and may have overruns. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| FirstMsgOffsetNs | long | int64 | ns |  |\n| MsgIndex | int | int32 |  |  |\n| LastMsg | boolean | bool |  |  |\n| Values | int[] | uint32 |  | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Sequence_IndexOutOfRange\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Index | int | int32 |\n| Length | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Sequence_Length\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Length | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Sequence_LogAnalysis\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| IndexOfUserInputArray | int | uint32 |\n| IndexOfSequenceLogStart | int | uint32 |\n| IndexOfSequenceLogEnd | int | uint32 |\n| MinRequiredLogValue | long | int64 |\n| MaxRequiredLogValue | long | int64 |\n| ExactLogValue | int | uint32 |\n| minNoOfInRangeOccurances | int | uint32 |\n| maxNoOfInRangeOccurances | int | uint32 |\n| ExactNoOfOccurnaces | int | uint32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Sequence_RemovedElements\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Count | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Sequence_ValueInRange\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Index | int | int32 |\n| MinErr | int | int32 |\n| MinWarn | int | int32 |\n| Value | int | int32 |\n| MaxWarn | int | int32 |\n| MaxErr | int | int32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Sequence_Values\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MsgIndex | int | int32 |\n| Values | int[] | int32 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}