{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "EthernetNetworkInterface.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: Configure\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the Ethernet Network Interface with basic network parameters. Note that if you pass a completely new parameters, a new network interface will be initialized but if you pass an already defined ip for existing network interface along with new MAC-Address, this will re configure the network interface with the newly added MAC-Address Example: Assume the EthernetNetworkInterface object is called 'ethNetIf' and the module name is modTS, then it can be used as: exu.modTS().ethNetIf().afcConfigure([0xAA, 0xBB, 0xCC, 0xDD, 0xEE, 0xFF], true, 10, true, [192, 168, 1, 10], [255, 255, 255, 0]) Dependency: Should be called after the EthernetNetworkInterface object is initialized. network interface is initialized if the hw image supports working ethernet channel and it has been initialized successfully. Currently, running EthernetSocketInterface APIs without proper initialization can cause crashes/errors Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | MinLength | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| MacAddress | int[] | uint8 | 6 | 6 |\n| The MAC address of the Ethernet Network Interface. Format: An array of 6 bytes (e.g., [0xAA, 0xBB, 0xCC, 0xDD, 0xEE, 0xFF]). |  |  |  |  |\n| VlanSupported | boolean | bool | - | - |\n| Specifies whether VLAN (Virtual LAN) is supported on this interface. true: VLAN is supported. false: VLAN is not supported. |  |  |  |  |\n| VlanId | int | uint16 | - | - |\n| The VLAN ID to be used if VLAN is supported. Range: 1-4094 Note: should be set only if 'VlanSupported' is true |  |  |  |  |\n| isIpV6 | boolean | bool | - | - |\n| Specifies whether IPv6 protocol is enabled. true: IPv6 is enabled. false: IPv6 is not enabled (IPv4 is assumed). |  |  |  |  |\n| SourceIP | int[] | uint32 | 4 | 4 |\n| The IP address of the Ethernet Network Interface. Format: An array of 4 bytes - Example for ipv4: [192,168,1,10] - Example for ipve6: if you enable ipv6, Consider the IPv6 address: 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334, - convert it into 32bit segments: 2001:0db8 85a3:0000 0000:8a2e 0370:7334 - then convert each segement to 32bit integer: 2001:0db8 \u2192 0x20010db8 85a3:0000 \u2192 0x85a30000 0000:8a2e \u2192 0x00008a2e 0370:7334 \u2192 0x03707334 - the input array will be: [0x20010db8,0x85a30000,0x00008a2e,0x03707334] |  |  |  |  |\n| SubnetMask | int[] | uint32 | 4 | 4 |\n| The subnet mask for the Ethernet Network Interface. Format: An array of 4 bytes - example for ipv4 subnet mask: [255,255,255,0] - example for ipv6 subnet mask: [0xFFFFFFFF,0xFFFFFFFF,0x00000000,0x00000000] |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: GetMacAddress\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Retrieves the MAC address of the Ethernet Network Interface associated with this object. Example: Assume the EthernetNetworkInterface object is called 'ethNetIf' and the module name is modTS then it can be used as: exu.modTS().ethNetIf().afcGetMacAddress() Dependency: Can be called at any time after the EthernetNetworkInterface object is initialized. EthernetNetwork interface is inititalized when you have hw image with ethernet supported and configured a new network interface using 'Configure' API or changed existing network interface parameters using also 'Configure' API Result: The MAC address will be reported by \"LogMacAddress\" message\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Remove\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Removes or de-initializes the Ethernet Network Interface. Example: Assume the EthernetNetworkInterface object is called 'ethNetIf' and the module name is modTS, then it can be used as: exu.modTS().ethNetIf().afcRemove() Dependency: Can be called/Applied on an already existing network interface when its no longer needed.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDestMac\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Forces a specific destination MAC address to be associated with a destination IP address in the Castle ARP table. Example: Assume the EthernetNetworkInterface object is called 'ethNetIf' and the module name is modTS, then it can be used as: exu.modTS().ethNetIf().afcSetDestMac(false, [192,168,144,20], [0xAA,0xBB,0xCC,0xDD,0xEE,0xFF]) Dependency: Can be called at any time after the EthernetNetworkInterface object is initialized. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | MinLength | Maxlength |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| isIpV6 | boolean | bool | - | - |\n| Specifies whether the target destination IP address is IPv6. true: The destination IP is IPv6. false: The destination IP is IPv4. |  |  |  |  |\n| DestinationIP | int[] | uint32 | 4 | 4 |\n| The destination IP address. Format: An array of 4 bytes - Example for ipv4: [192,168,144,15] - Example for ipve6: if you enable ipv6, Consider the IPv6 address: 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334, - convert it into 32bit segments: 2001:0db8 85a3:0000 0000:8a2e 0370:7334 - then convert each segement to 32bit integer: 2001:0db8 \u2192 0x20010db8 85a3:0000 \u2192 0x85a30000 0000:8a2e \u2192 0x00008a2e 0370:7334 \u2192 0x03707334 - the input array will be: [0x20010db8,0x85a30000,0x00008a2e,0x03707334] |  |  |  |  |\n| MacAddress | int[] | uint8 | 6 | 6 |\n| The MAC address to be associated with the specified destination IP. Format: An array of 6 bytes (e.g., [0xAA,0xBB,0xCC,0xDD,0xEE,0xFF]). |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: LogMacAddress\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Reports the MAC address of the Ethernet Network Interface. Triggered by: afcGetMacAddress() Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| MacAddress | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| The MAC address of the Ethernet Network Interface. Format: An array of 6 bytes (e.g., [0xAA, 0xBB, 0xCC, 0xDD, 0xEE, 0xFF]). |  |  |  |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}