{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "EthernetServerSocketConnection.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: CheckTcpConnectionEstablished\n\n**Description:** Description: Check that TCP connection is established successfully Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Default |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| CheckIsEstablished | boolean | bool | true |\n| Specifies whether to check if the connection is established (true) or not established (false). true: The API will check if a connection is established. false: The API will check if no connection is established. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Close\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Closes the TCP connection and initiates the connection termination process with configurable Maximum Segment Lifetime (MSL). Example: assume the EthernetServerSocket obj is called 'EthernetServerSocket' and the module name is modTS then you can use it as follow: exu.modTS().EthernetServerSocket().objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).afcClose( ) Dependency: Should be called on a successfully established connection (normally you can know that when you get a message indicating a new client has connected to the server) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit | Default |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| MSL | int | uint32 | ms | 0 |\n| Time before deleting the connection after sending the first FIN symbol (FIN symbol is sent to initiate the connection termination process). [\"0\" value means to wait for the standard MSL which is 2 mins] |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigureFastAck\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the TCP Fast Acknowledgement (ACK) mechanism for this socket, ACKS are sent immediately. Example: assume the EthernetServerSocketConnection obj is called 'EthernetServerSocketConnection' and the module name is modTS, then you can use it as follows: exu.modTS().EthernetServerSocket().objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).afcConfigureFastAck(true) Dependency: Should be called after the socket is initialized and before establishing a connection. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable Fast ACK. true: Enable Fast ACK (ACKs are sent immediately). false: Disable Fast ACK (ACKs may be delayed and combined). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigureNagleAlgorithm\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures Nagle's algorithm for this socket. Nagle's algorithm is used to improve network efficiency by reducing the number of small packets sent over the network. Example: assume the EthernetServerSocketConnection obj is called 'EthernetServerSocketConnection' and the module name is modTS, then you can use it as follows: exu.modTS().EthernetServerSocket().objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).afcConfigureNagleAlgorithm(true) Dependency: should be be called after the socket is initialized and before establishing a connection. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable Nagle's algorithm. true: Enable Nagle's algorithm (small packets are buffered and combined). false: Disable Nagle's algorithm (packets are sent immediately). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendOnce\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: To start sending data passed by \"TransmitData\" object Once Example: assume the EthernetServerSocket obj is called 'EthernetServerSocket' and the module name is modTS then you can use it as follow: exu.modTS().EthernetServerSocket().objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).afcSendOnce() Dependency: Should be called after establishing a successfull connection with the client (normally, you will get message indicating a new client has connected to the server) and setting the data to send by calling  exu.mod . .objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).objTransmitData().afcSet(\"Data_to_send\");\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimer\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: To start sending data passed by \"TransmitData\" object after the time specified in the arg TimeMs Example: assume the EthernetServerSocket obj is called 'EthernetServerSocket' and the module name is modTS then you can use it as follow: exu.modTS().EthernetServerSocket().objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).afcSendPerTimer() Dependency: Should be called after establishing a successfull connection with the client (normally, you will get message indicating a new client has connected to the server) and setting the data to send by calling exu.mod . .objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).objTransmitData().afcSet(\"Data_to_send\"); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| TimeMs | int | uint32 | ms |\n| periodic time in ms to send the data specified by 'TransmitData' object signal |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendPerTimerOff\n\n**Description:** Description: Stop sending the data started by \"SendPerTimer\" API\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendTcpRst\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sends a TCP RST (reset) packet to immediately terminate the connection. Example: assume the EthernetServerSocketConnection obj is called 'EthernetServerSocketConnection' and the module name is modTS,then you can use it as follows: exu.modTS().EthernetServerSocket().objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).afcSendTcpRst() Dependency: Should be called when there is a need to immediately abort the connection. This will abort the connection without going through the normal TCP close sequence.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetRetransmissionTimeout\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the TCP Retransmission Timeout (RTO) for this socket. The RTO is the time that TCP will wait for an acknowledgment (ACK) before retransmitting a packet. Example: assume the EthernetServerSocketConnection obj is called 'EthernetServerSocketConnection' and the module name is modTS, then you can use it as follows: exu.modTS().EthernetServerSocket().objEthernetServerSocketConnection(0).afcSetRetransmissionTimeout(2000) Dependency: it's recommended to set it after the socket is initialized and before establishing a connection. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| rto | int | uint32 | ms |\n| Retransmission timeout value in milliseconds. Default is 3000ms. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TestTcpConnection\n\n**Description:** Description: Result of the TCP connection check Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ConnectionEstablished | boolean | bool |\n| ConnectionStatus | int | uint8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: TransmitData\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Format | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| TransmitData | _Signal | Signal | byte | 0 | 1 | raw | 51200 | true | false |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: ReceivedData\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Format | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ReceivedData | _Signal | Signal | byte | 0 | 1 | raw | 51200 | true | false |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}