{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "EventFilter.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: ConfigureInRange\n\n**Description:** Description: Configure the minimum and maximum values of the signal value of the input and trigger if in range, the limits values are inclusive, so if the value is equal to a boundary it counts as in range. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| minValue | long | int64 |\n| Set the minmum value of the signal change/update to be triggered on. |  |  |\n| maxValue | long | int64 |\n| Set the maximum value of the signal change/update to be triggered on. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigureInRangeRaw\n\n**Description:** Description: Configure the minimum and maximum values of the signal value of the input and trigger if in range, the limits values are inclusive, so if the value is equal to a boundary it counts as in range. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| minValueRaw | long | int64 |\n| Set the minmum value of the signal change/update to be triggered on. |  |  |\n| maxValueRaw | long | int64 |\n| Set the maximum value of the signal change/update to be triggered on. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigureRawDataEquals\n\n**Description:** Description: Pass the byte sequence of the input so the event to be triggered if equal. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Data to be tested to fire needed event |  |  |  |\n| offset | int | uint8 |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigureTimeoutDetector\n\n**Description:** Description: Activate the timeout checking. After detecting the first timeout, if ActiveContinuous is true and a new source event is triggered, the timer starts again otherwise timeout will trigger only once. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Timeout | int | int32 | ms |\n| ActiveContinuous | boolean | bool |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Deactivate\n\n**Description:** Description: Disable the source event detection.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: DataTooLong\n\n**Description:** Description: The passed data is too long for the requested test\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotSupportedType\n\n**Description:** Description: The type expected to filter is Signal Value\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TimeoutOccurred\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}