{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "LinMaster.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: AssignFrameId\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Assigns a frameID to a lin message. - At the next occurrence of that frame, the master will send the header out with the given id. - Only configurable frames can be assigned with new frame IDs. Example: *_ApiAssignFrameId(1, 2) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MessageId | int | uint16 |\n| MessageID of the lin message. |  |  |\n| FrameId | int | uint8 |\n| The new ID of the frame that will be used by the master to send out the header. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigureUserDefinedDiagnostics\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Discard The Lin Diag Module and Enable to Send Diagnostics from the Com Layer. Example: *_ApiConfigureUserDefinedDiagnostics(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable user-defined diagnostics. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: DisableWakeupFromDUT\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Disables the LIN master from reacting to a wakeup signal sent by the DUT. This is the default behavior. - Two cases:\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableFrameCrcCheck\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enable Lin frame CRC check (Enabled By default). Example: *_ApiEnableFrameCrcCheck(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable frame CRC check. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableWakeupFromDUT\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Enables the LIN master to start scheduling when it receives a wakeup signal from the DUT. By default, LinMaster does not react to the wakeup signal. - Two cases:\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EventNoSlaveDataConfig\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: -This API can be used to: - Configure the severity of the message that will be generated on NoSlaveData event (MessageSeverity) NOTE: If Severity=NO_MESSAGE, no message will be generated. - Check that no LIN frame is coming from the slaves if and only if MakeError!=ERROR (CheckNoCom) Example: *_ApiEventNoSlaveDataConfig(Severity.ERROR, true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MessageSeverity | Severity | int |\n| Severity of the message generated on NoSlaveData event. |  |  |\n| CheckNoCom | boolean | bool |\n| Check for no communication from slaves. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportAsError_DutUnexpectedChar\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - If the master receives data on LIN when it is not expected, INFO/ERROR message is generated, depending on the given parameter. - By default, receiving unexpected char causes an error. Example: *_ApiReportAsError_DutUnexpectedChar(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| AsError | boolean | bool |\n| Boolean for Enabling/Disabling. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportAsError_DutWakeup\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Generates an ERROR/INFO message, if a wakeup signal is detected, but the LinMaster is already running. Example: *_ApiReportAsError_DutWakeup(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| AsError | boolean | bool |\n| Boolean for Enabling/Disabling. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportAsError_DutWakeupUnexpected\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - If an unexpected wakeup signal is detected, nothing/ERROR message is generated, depending on the \tgiven parameter. - By default, receiving unexpected wakeup signal causes an error. Example: *_ApiReportAsError_DutWakeupUnexpected(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| AsError | boolean | bool |\n| Boolean for Enabling/Disabling. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportAsError_UartNoise\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: If an framing error on the bus is detected, this is by default reported as error. Example: *_ApiReportAsError_UartNoise(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| AsError | boolean | bool |\n| Boolean for Enabling/Disabling. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ResetFrameId\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Resets an Rx/Tx frame's id to the original value. - At the next occurrence of that frame, the master will send the header again with the original id. Example: *_ApiResetFrameId(1) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MessageId | int | uint16 |\n| MessageID of the lin message. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendSleep\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sends a sleep command on the LIN bus. - It can be used only when the schedule is not running. - If the schedule is running, the StopScheduling API function shall be used with the appropriate SendSleep parameter. Example: *_ApiSendSleep()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SendWakeup\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sends a wakeup signal. - The Timer is programmed with the start of the next 5ms tick. - After the given offset, the generation is started. - Length of the wakeup pulse must be in [250, 5000] \u00b5s intervall. Example: *_ApiSendWakeup(250, false) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Length | int | uint16 |\n| Length of the wakeup pulse in microseconds. |  |  |\n| ErrorOnConflictingActivity | boolean | bool |\n| Generate Error on conflicting activity. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetClkDividerRxUartFix\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: For the receiver UART, the baudrate is set separately. ClkDivider = 50.000.000/Baudrate. The Rx baudrate is less accurate and will be divided internally by 50. Example: *_ApiSetClkDividerRxUartFix(1000) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ClkDivider | int | uint16 |\n| Clock divider for the receiver UART. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetClkDividerRxUartFollowFrame\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Set current Rx Baudrate to follow the frames sync field. Example: *_ApiSetClkDividerRxUartFollowFrame()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetCustomMsg\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Configure a custom message. - The raw data for the generation. Each bit value gnerates a half bit on the bus. The generation starts with bit 0 in the first byte. A 0 Bit creates a dominant bit on the bus. The count of bits is defined by the PatternLength. Example: *_ApiSetCustomMsg(1, 10, 100, 2, 1000, [0x00, 0xFF]) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| MsgHandle | int | uint8 |  |\n| Message handle allowed values are C1 to C9.. |  |  |  |\n| PatternLength | int | uint16 | hb |\n| Pattern length in half bits. |  |  |  |\n| FrameLength | int | uint16 | \u00b5s |\n| the whole frame length in \u00b5s. After this time a new frame is started. |  |  |  |\n| SimulatedRxHandle | int | uint8 |  |\n| Simulated receive handle. The pattern shall be seen by the DUT as the given handle |  |  |  |\n| ClkDivider | int | uint16 |  |\n| Clock divider. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetFirstFrameIdx\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - When the scheduling is started, the first frame id will be the one given in the parameter according to the schedule table. -The first frame in the schedule table has idx 0, so valid values are [0..length(schedule_table) - 1]. - By default, the scheduling starts with the first (0.) frame. Invalid values are ignored and the linmaster will use the default value when scheduling is started. - Function is effective only if the scheduling is not running when it is called. Example: *_ApiSetFirstFrameIdx(1) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| FirstFrameIdx | int | uint8 |\n| The First Frame Index. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetStartSchedulingDelay\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - After the ECU receives a wakeup signal, it needs time to run initialization, ready to receive frame headers and start answering. - According to the LIN specification, the ECU must be ready within 100msec, but it can be bigger in some projects. - User can set this time between 1msec to 200msec. - By default, linmaster starts scheduling with a 100msec delay after it detected (or sent) the wakeup signal. Example: *_ApiSetStartSchedulingDelay(100) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | int | uint8 | ms |\n| Defines the delay between the wakeup and the start of the scheduling (beginning with the first frame's break field). Value must be in [1..200]msec range. Setting the value outside this range will cause this parameter to get the minimum or maximum valid value. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetTiming_Msg\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sets timing parameters for a specific message. - The delays specify the pause between the end of the stop bit of the previous byte and the falling edge of the start bit of the next byte in \"number of half bits\". - BreakLength: The break length for predefined frames. The length is in half-bits. The standard value is 26 half bits. As stated in the LIN spec, a slave must recognize a break after 11 bit times (22 HBs). - ClkDivider: The basic period for the generators is set for each frame newly. It is generated by 50MHz/(ClkDivider+1) and is the period per \"half bit\". For a baudrate of 19200, this value is 1301. - DelaySyncField: Pause between the rising edge of the break BREAK and the falling edge of the sync start bit in HBs. - FrameLength: The frame length in \u00b5s is the time between the start of the generation until the start of the next frame. This time is the minimum. It can be longer, but must not be shorter. - MsgHandle: The message handle (see the Lookup) whose timing shall be changed. - RxMaxTime: Maximum response time for the message in microseconds. Example: *_ApiSetTiming_Msg(1, 1301, 13, [1,2,3], 2, 1000, 500) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| MsgHandle | int | uint8 |  |\n| The message handle. |  |  |  |\n| ClkDivider | int | uint16 | counts |\n| The clock divider value. |  |  |  |\n| DelaySyncField | int | uint8 | hb |\n| Delay of the sync field in half bits. |  |  |  |\n| DelayBytes | int[] | uint8 | hb |\n| Delays between bytes in half bits. |  |  |  |\n| DelayChecksum | int | uint8 | hb |\n| Delay of the checksum in half bits. |  |  |  |\n| FrameLength | int | uint16 | \u00b5s |\n| The frame length in microseconds. |  |  |  |\n| RxMaxTime | int | uint16 | \u00b5s |\n| Maximum response time in microseconds. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetTiming_Wakeup\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sets timing parameters for the wakeup frame. - ClkDivider: The basic period for the generators is set for each frame newly. It is generated by 50MHz/(ClkDivider+1) and is the period per \"half bit\". For a baudrate of 19200, this value is 1301. - FrameLength: If the wakeup is used in StartScheduleNextTick, this time defines when the first normal frame generation is started. Example: *_ApiSetTiming_Wakeup(1301, 500) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ClkDivider | int | uint16 |  |\n| The clock divider value. |  |  |  |\n| FrameLength | int | uint16 | \u00b5s |\n| The frame length in microseconds. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: StartScheduling\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Starts the frame generation. - If SendWakeup is false, the scheduling starts immediately. - If SendWakeup is true, then first a wakeup signal is sent (250 \u00b5s long dominant signal). - The start of the scheduling is delayed with [1,200] msec (default is 100 msec). - This delay can be configured with the 'SetStartSchedulingDelay' function. Example: *_ApiStartScheduling(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SendWakeup | boolean | bool |\n| Enable to sendWakeup signal, Disable to start scheduling immediately. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: StopScheduling\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Linmaster stops the generation of frame headers. Example: *_ApiStopScheduling(ScheduleEvent.NEXT_FRAME, true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| StopOn | ScheduleEvent | int |\n| Defines the time when the linmaster stops sending frame headers. |  |  |\n| SendSleep | boolean | bool |\n| If true, the linmaster sends a sleep command after the last frame header. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: WakeupFromDUT\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Await a WakeupFrame from DUT within the Timeout. Values in 5ms steps are allowed. Example: *_ApiWakeupFromDUT(100) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Timeout | int | uint8 | 0.2 | ms |\n| Timeout in milliseconds. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: WakeupFromDUTAndSchedule\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Await a WakeupFrame from DUT within the Timeout. - Start the scheduling after received Wakeup and additional offset. - Values in 5ms steps are allowed. - On the default value of 0, begin scheduling as soon as possible. Example: *_ApiWakeupFromDUTAndSchedule(100, 5000) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Timeout | int | uint8 | 0.2 | ms |\n| Timeout for wakeup frame, in milliseconds. |  |  |  |  |\n| OffsetTime | int | uint16 |  | us |\n| Additional offset time after wakeup before scheduling starts, in microseconds. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ChecksumIncorrect\n\n**Description:** Description: Rx frame has incorrect checksum. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| FrameID | int | uint8 |  |\n| CalculatedCheckSum | int | uint8 |  |\n| ReceivedCheckSum | int | uint8 |  |\n| FrameData | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: CustomMsgErr\n\n**Description:** Description: A CustomMsg is not correct configured Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| CustomMsgNum | int | uint8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: LinBusSleepEvent\n\n**Description:** Description: Lin Bus Sleep\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: LinBusUnexpectedWakeup\n\n**Description:** Description: The LIN bus was woken unexpected\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: LinConflictingActivity\n\n**Description:** Description: adsfasfasdfsfsfasf\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NoSlaveData\n\n**Description:** Description: The data block from the slave was not received Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ProtectedID | int | uint16 | hex |\n| ID | int | uint16 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NoWakeupFromDut\n\n**Description:** Description: The DUT does not send the expected Wakeup.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RxResponseTooLate\n\n**Description:** Description: Response of LIN-Slave out of allowed maximum time. (end of header until end of checksum) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| TimeLimit | int | uint16 |\n| TimeMeasured | int | uint16 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ScheduleStartEvent\n\n**Description:** Description: Start of scheduling.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ScheduleStopEvent\n\n**Description:** Description: Linmaster receives the stop request.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ScheduleStopped\n\n**Description:** Description: Linmaster stops scheduling.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: SleepInitiated\n\n**Description:** Description: The message is generated when the linmaster starts sending the sleep command on the linbus\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UartNoiseError\n\n**Description:** Description: RX-UART has Noise Error.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UartOverrunError\n\n**Description:** Description: RX-UART has Overrun Error.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UnexpectedCharReceived\n\n**Description:** Description: After sending of a TX-Msg, data from the DUT was received. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | uint8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UnexpectedCharWhileIdle\n\n**Description:** Description: Receive of data while bus idle.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UnexpectedFrameReceived\n\n**Description:** Description: Appears when the user configured EventNoSlaveDataConfig to check that no communication from the slave is wanted. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| FrameId | int | uint8 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UnknownLinFrameReceived\n\n**Description:** Description: Castle received a LIN frame that is not part of the LDF. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| FrameId | int | uint8 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: WakeupFromDut\n\n**Description:** Description: The DUT has sent a wakeup frame\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}