{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "LinSlave.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: DisableLinSlave\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Deactivates the LIN slave. Example: *_ApiDisableLinSlave()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableLinSlave\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose:. Activates the LIN slave. Example: *_ApiEnableLinSlave()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportUartNoise\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the severity level for UART noise error reporting. Example: *_ApiReportUartNoise(Severity.ERROR) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Severity | Severity | int |\n| The desired severity level (e.g., ERROR, WARNING, INFO). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ChecksumIncorrect\n\n**Description:** Description: Rx frame has incorrect checksum. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| FrameID | int | uint8 |  |\n| CalculatedCheckSum | int | uint8 |  |\n| ReceivedCheckSum | int | uint8 |  |\n| FrameData | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NoSlaveData\n\n**Description:** Description: The data block from the slave was not received Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ProtectedID | int | uint16 | hex |\n| ID | int | uint16 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RxResponseTooLate\n\n**Description:** Description: Response of LIN-Slave out of allowed maximum time. (end of header until end of checksum) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| TimeLimit | int | uint16 |\n| TimeMeasured | int | uint16 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UartNoiseError\n\n**Description:** Description: RX-UART has Noise Error.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: UnknownLinFrameReceived\n\n**Description:** Description: Castle received a LIN frame that is not part of the LDF. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| FrameId | int | uint8 | hex |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}