{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "PerformanceMonitor.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: LogRunDurations\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Triggers the logging of task run durations based on the configured duration limits and logging options. Example: objPerformanceMonitor().afcLogRunDurations(); // Initiates the logging of task execution durations. Dependency: Duration limits and logging options should be configured before calling this function by calling 'SetDurationLimits' API.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDelayLimits\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the maximum allowed delays for scheduling, when a task exceeds this time limit, warnings or errors will be logged. Example: objPerformanceMonitor().afcSetDelayLimits(100, 200); // Sets a warning limit of 100\u00b5s and an error limit of 200\u00b5s for any scheduled task. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| MaxDelayWarn | int | int32 | \u00b5s |\n| The maximum delay, after that it will trigger a warning. |  |  |  |\n| MaxDelayError | int | int32 | \u00b5s |\n| The maximum delay, after that it will trigger an error. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDurationLimits\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Configures the maximum allowed execution durations for tasks, when a task exceeds this time limit, warnings or errors will be logged. - This function differentiates between normal and background task durations. Example: objPerformanceMonitor().afcSetDurationLimits(500, 1000, 1000, 2000); // Sets a warning limit of 500\u00b5s and an error limit of 1000\u00b5s for normal task durations. // Sets a warning limit of 1000\u00b5s and an error limit of 2000\u00b5s for background task durations. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| MaxDurationWarn | int | int32 | \u00b5s |\n| Maximum duration for normal task that triggers warning |  |  |  |\n| MaxDurationError | int | int32 | \u00b5s |\n| Maximum duration for normal task that triggers error |  |  |  |\n| MaxDurationBackgroundWarn | int | int32 | \u00b5s |\n| Maximum duration for background task that triggers warning |  |  |  |\n| MaxDurationBackgroundError | int | int32 | \u00b5s |\n| Maximum duration for background task that triggers error |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetLoggingOptions\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the logging behavior for performance monitoring, including verbose logging and the minimum time between log entries. Example: objPerformanceMonitor().afcSetLoggingOptions(true, 500); // Enables verbose logging and sets a minimum pause of 500ms between loggings. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Verbose | boolean | bool |  |\n| If verbose logging is enabled, Note that the logging may take long time and may slightly influence the reliability of later processing. |  |  |  |\n| MinimalPause | int | int32 | ms |\n| The minimum time in between 2 loggings. This value should be bigger than 100ms. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RunDurations\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Reports that task run durations have exceeded the configured limits. Usage: This message is automatically sent when the task durations are checked, based on the set limits. Content: - MaxDurationWarn: The maximum allowed duration before a warning is issued for normal tasks. - MaxDurationError: The maximum allowed duration before an error is issued for normal tasks. - MaxDurationBackgroundWarn: The maximum allowed duration before a warning is issued for background tasks. - MaxDurationBackgroundError: The maximum allowed duration before an error is issued for background tasks. - MinimalLoggingPause: The minimum time in ms between log entries. - Text: Additional information about the task durations. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| MaxDurationWarn | int | int32 | \u00b5s |  |\n| Maximum duration before a warning for normal task is issued |  |  |  |  |\n| MaxDurationError | int | int32 | \u00b5s |  |\n| Maximum duration before an error for normal task is issued |  |  |  |  |\n| MaxDurationBackgroundWarn | int | int32 | \u00b5s |  |\n| Maximum duration before a warning for background task is issued |  |  |  |  |\n| MaxDurationBackgroundError | int | int32 | \u00b5s |  |\n| Maximum duration before an error for background task is issued |  |  |  |  |\n| MinimalLoggingPause | int | int32 | ms |  |\n| The minimum time in between 2 loggings. This value should be bigger than 100ms. |  |  |  |  |\n| Text | int[] | uint8 |  | utf8 |\n| Additionnal text about this durations |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: SchedulingDelays\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Reports that the scheduler has detected delays that exceed the configured limits. Usage: This message is automatically sent when scheduling delays are detected, based on the set limits. Content: - MaxDelayWarn: The maximum allowed delay before a warning is issued. - MaxDelayError: The maximum allowed delay before an error is issued. - MinimalLoggingPause: The minimum time in ms between log entries. - MessageDelay: the current delay from the tasks scheduled time - Text: Additional information about the delays. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| MaxDelayWarn | int | int32 |  | \u00b5s |  |\n| Maximum allowed delay before a warning |  |  |  |  |  |\n| MaxDelayError | int | int32 |  | \u00b5s |  |\n| Maximum allowed delay before an error |  |  |  |  |  |\n| MinimalLoggingPause | int | int32 |  | ms |  |\n| The minimum time in between 2 loggings. This value should be bigger than 100ms. |  |  |  |  |  |\n| MessageDelay | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |  |\n| The current delay from the scheduled time |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Text | int[] | uint8 |  |  | utf8 |\n| Additionnal text about this delay |  |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}