{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "PwmGenerator.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: StartPwm\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures and starts PWM signal generation with the specified frequency, frequency divisor, duty cycle, and duty cycle divisor. Example: *_ApiStartPwm(1000, 1, 50, 1); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Frequency | int | uint32 | Hz |\n| The desired PWM signal frequency in Hertz. |  |  |  |\n| FrequencyDivisor | int | uint32 |  |\n| Divisor to achieve a fractional frequency. A value of 1 corresponds to no division. |  |  |  |\n| DutyCycle | int | uint32 | % |\n| The PWM duty cycle as a percentage (0-100). |  |  |  |\n| DutyDivisor | int | uint32 |  |\n| Divisor to achieve a fractional duty cycle. A value of 1 corresponds to no division. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: StopPwm\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Stops PWM signal generation. Example: *_ApiStopPwm();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: _Init\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| PwmCoreName | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: BadConfiguration\n\n**Description:** Description:  This Message will return when the desired PWM Frequency or\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t  Period cannot be set by Firmware [If Frequency is greater than\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t  160 MHZ , or Period is less than 6.25 nsec] . Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| DutyCycle | double | float64 | % |\n| Frequency | double | float64 | Hz |\n| Period | double | float64 | ms |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}