{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "RLT_DAC.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: ReadIOExpander\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Reads the input port of the IO expander with the specified slave address. Example: *_ApiReadIOExpander(0x20) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SlvAdd | int | uint8 |\n| The slave address of the IO expander to read. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetNanoChannel\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Configures the daughter board DAC to output the required current in nanoamperes for a specific channel. - Handles current limiting and fault setting. Example: *_ApiSetNanoChannel(EnmnanoCurrentChannel.ALS3, 500, EnmchannelFault.NORMAL) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | nanoCurrentChannel | int |\n| The nanoampere channel to configure. |  |  |\n| Current | long | uint64 |\n| The desired current in nanoamperes. Valid range is [0 : 1000000] nA. If a value outside this range is provided, an error message will be generated and the current will not be set. |  |  |\n| Ch_Fault | channelFault | int |\n| The fault condition to set for the channel. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetPicoChannel\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Configures the daughter board DAC to output the required current in picoamperes for a specific channel. - Handles current limiting and fault setting. Example: *_ApiSetPicoChannel(EnmpicoCurrentChannel.ALS2, 500, EnmchannelFault.NORMAL) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | picoCurrentChannel | int |\n| The picoampere channel to configure. |  |  |\n| Current | long | uint64 |\n| The desired current in picoamperes.  Valid range is [0 : 1000000] nA. If a value outside this range is provided, an error message will be generated and the current will not be set. |  |  |\n| Ch_Fault | channelFault | int |\n| The fault condition to set for the channel. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: configureDAC_Factor\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: configure the factor for the DAC. Example: *_ApiconfigureDAC_Factor(EnmpicoCurrentChannel.ALS0, 0.90) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | picoCurrentChannel | int |\n| The picoampere channel to configure. |  |  |\n| factor | float | float32 |\n| The factor for the DAC. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: configureNanoOut\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: configure which LED to to be selected LEDA or LEDB. Example: *_ApiconfigureNanoOut(EnmLEDselect.LEDA) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Led | LEDselect | int |\n| Selects the LED for nOut. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: configureRainSimulation\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the rain simulation feature, alternating between two current values on a specified picoampere channel or nanoampere channel. Example: *_ApiconfigureRainSimulation(true, EnmallCurrentChannel.ALS2, 100, 500, 500) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable rain simulation. |  |  |\n| Ch | allCurrentChannel | int |\n| The picoampere or nanoampere channel to use for rain simulation. |  |  |\n| Current_A | long | uint64 |\n| The first current value in nanoamperes for rain simulation. |  |  |\n| Current_B | long | uint64 |\n| The second current value in nanoamperes for rain simulation. |  |  |\n| timeMs | int | uint16 |\n| Time in milliseconds for switching between Current_A and Current_B. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: configureResistorsSwitching\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: configure Switching for resistors. Example: *_ApiconfigureResistorsSwitching(EnmpicoCurrentChannel.ALS2, false, false, false) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | picoCurrentChannel | int |\n| The picoampere channel to configure. |  |  |\n| p10M | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable rain simulation. |  |  |\n| p1M | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable rain simulation. |  |  |\n| p100K | boolean | bool |\n| Enable or disable rain simulation. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: configure_VREF\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: configure the VREF for calibration. Value in mV. Typically 1250mV. Range from 1200mV to 1300mV. Example: *_Apiconfigure_VREF(1250) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| vRef | int | uint16 |\n| The value of VREF in mV. Typically 1250mV. Range from 1200mV to 1300mV. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: setDacReg\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Writes a value to a specified register of the DAC. Example: *_ApisetDacReg(EnmReg.DAC0, 0) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | Reg | int |\n| The DAC register to write to. |  |  |\n| REG_VAL | int | uint16 |\n| The value to write to the DAC register. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}