{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "RLT_I2c.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: Enable_crc_error\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enables or disables CRC error injection. Example: *_ApiEnable_crc_error(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Enable (true) or disable (false) CRC error injection. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Set_RH_value\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the relative humidity (RH) value. Example: *_ApiSet_RH_value(50) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| val | int | uint16 |\n| The RH value to set. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Set_tempreture_value\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the temperature value. Example: *_ApiSet_tempreture_value(25) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| val | int | uint16 |\n| The temperature value to set. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ToggleSlaveAddress\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Changes the I2C slave address to Original or Corrupt Address value. Example: *_ApiToggleSlaveAddress(SlaveAddress.CorruptAddress) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Address | SlaveAddress | int |\n| Original or Corrupt Address. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}