{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "StopWatch.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: CheckStarted\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Checks if the StopWatch object has been started and generates an error if it has not. Example: *_ApiCheckStarted();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: CheckStopped\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Checks if the StopWatch object has been stopped and generates an error if it has not. Example: *_ApiCheckStopped();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Reset\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Resets the StopWatch object, setting the elapsed time to zero and preparing it for a new timing interval. Example: *_ApiReset();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetMode\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the operation mode to STRICT (the allowed order is Rest -> Start -> Stop. In any other case the system generates an error) or RELAXED (Reset/Start/Stop can be called in any order). The default operation is STRICT. Example: *_ApiSetMode(enmMode.STRICT); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Mode | Mode | int |\n| STRICT | RELAXED |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetName\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets an optional name for the StopWatch object. This name can be used for identification and logging purposes. Example: *_ApiSetName(\"MyStopWatch\"); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Name | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Optional Name of up to 32 characters. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Start\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Starts the StopWatch object, initiating the timing interval. Example: *_ApiStart();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Stop\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Stops the StopWatch object, recording the elapsed time since the start. Example: *_ApiStop();\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotInReset\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotStarted\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotStopped\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: StartedByEvent\n\n**Description:** Description: The stopwatch was started by event Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Name | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Optional Name of up to 32 characters. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: StoppedByEvent\n\n**Description:** Description: The stopwatch was stopped by event Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Name | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Optional Name of up to 32 characters. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: Result\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Unit | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Result | _Signal | Signal | int | 0 | 0.001 | ms | 4 | false | false |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}