{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TCM_Plug_Line.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: GetLogicControl\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Gets the current logic state (default or customized). Example: *_ApiGetLogicControl()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: GetPinOutputState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Gets the current output state of an SPI pin. Example: *_ApiGetPinOutputState();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetLogicState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sets the logic state to either default or customized. - Default logic represents the normal operation for each module. - Customized logic is implemented by the firmware development team based on specific project requirements and testing needs, and may vary between projects. Example: *_ApiSetLogicState(Custom_Logic)  <[Replace with a valid Logic_State value (Custom_Logic or Default_Logic]> Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Logic_State | Logic_State | int |\n| The desired logic state. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetPinMode\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures SPI pins to be either input or output. Example: *_ApiSetPinMode(Pin_Mode_INPUT); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SPI_Pin_Mode | Pin_Mode | int |\n| The desired pin mode (input or output). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetPinOutputState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the output state of an SPI pin. Example: *_ApiSetPinOutputState(true); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SPI_Pin_State | boolean | bool |\n| The desired pin state (true for high, false for low). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Logic_State\n\n**Description:** Description: Current used Logic Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Logic_State | Logic_State | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PinOutputState\n\n**Description:** Description: Current pin state Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Pin_State | boolean | bool |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}