{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TCM_Dio.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: GetLogicControl\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Gets the current logic state (default or customized). Example: *_ApiGetLogicControl()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetLogicState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sets the logic state to either default or customized. - Default logic represents the normal operation for each module. - Customized logic is implemented by the firmware development team based on specific project requirements and testing needs, and may vary between projects. Example: *_ApiSetLogicState(Custom_Logic)  <[Replace with a valid Logic_State value (Custom_Logic or Default_Logic]> Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Logic_State | Logic_State | int |\n| The desired logic state. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetOutputMode\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the output mode of the PWM signal.  The behavior of the output line varies depending on the selected mode: - Input: The output will always float, and the assigned value is never driven. - PushPull: The output will actively drive to both high and low states. - ActiveLow: When the output is assigned '0', it will drive to LOW; when assigned '1', it will float. - ActiveHigh: When the output is assigned '0', it will float; when assigned '1', it will drive to HIGH. Example: *_ApiSetOutputMode(OutputMode_PushPull) <[Replace with a valid OutputMode value]> Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Mode | OutputMode | int |\n| The desired output mode. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Logic_State\n\n**Description:** Description: Current used Logic Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Logic_State | Logic_State | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: Output\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Output | _Signal | Signal | boolean | 0 | 1 | 1 | false | false |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: Input\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Input | _Signal | Signal | boolean | 0 | 1 | 1 | false | false |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}