{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TCM_LeverSim.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: EnableError\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enables or disables the connection to an error voltage for a group of LeverSim.  This overrides EnableOutput; the output is disabled as long as the error is active. Example: *_ApiEnableError(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| True to enable the error voltage connection, false to disable |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableOutput\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enables or disables the connection of the output to the output pin. By default, every output is floating. Example: *_ApiEnableOutput(true) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| True to enable the output connection, false to disable |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: GetLogicControl\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Gets the current logic state (default or customized). Example: *_ApiGetLogicControl()\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetLogicState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: - Sets the logic state to either default or customized. - Default logic represents the normal operation for each module. - Customized logic is implemented by the firmware development team based on specific project requirements and testing needs, and may vary between projects. Example: *_ApiSetLogicState(Custom_Logic)  <[Replace with a valid Logic_State value (Custom_Logic or Default_Logic]> Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Logic_State | Logic_State | int |\n| The desired logic state. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Logic_State\n\n**Description:** Description: Current used Logic Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Logic_State | Logic_State | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: ValuePercent\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Unit | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ValuePercent | _Signal | Signal | int | 0 | 0.00152590218966964217593 | % | 2 | false | false |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}