{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TCU_LIN.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: ApplyLinHwFailure\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Apply HW failures on LIN interfaces. Example: *_ApiApplyLinHwFailure(LIN1, OPEN); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| LinBus | e_LIN | int |\n| The LIN bus to apply the hardware failure to. |  |  |\n| Failure | e_LIN_HW_Failure | int |\n| The type of hardware failure to apply. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: EnableLinPullUpResistance\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enable or disable LIN bus pull up resistance - default is diabled. Example: *_ApiEnableLinPullUpResistance(LIN0, true); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| LinBus | e_LIN | int |\n| The LIN bus to enable/disable the pull-up resistance for. |  |  |\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| True to enable the pull-up resistance, False to disable. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: GenerateBits\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Generates Bits as given in the array with length equal to length of array , each LSB of BitTime = 20 ns. Example: *_ApiGenerateBits({0x01, 0x02, 0x03}, 500); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| BitArray | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Array of bits to generate. |  |  |  |\n| BitTime | int | uint32 |  |\n| Time for each bit in the array (LSB = 20ns). |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReadBits\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Reads Bits given a starting condition of a dominant bit transition , each LSB of BitTime = 20 ns. Example: *_ApiReadBits(10, 500); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| BitNum | int | uint32 |\n| Number of bits to read. |  |  |\n| BitTime | int | uint32 |\n| Time for each bit (LSB = 20ns). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: LIN_RKE_RCV\n\n**Description:** Description:  Logging of all bits received Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}