{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TCU_MIC.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: SetMicState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets Mic Connection State. Example: *_ApiSetMicState(NormalMode); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| MicState | e_MicState | int |\n| The desired state of the microphone. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: WaveGeneratorStart\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Starts Generation of a sine wave based on provided DAC Values and Tick Period. Example: *_ApiWaveGeneratorStart({0x00, 0xFF}, 1000); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| The DAC values for generating the sine wave. |  |  |  |\n| Ticks | int | uint32 |  |\n| The tick period for the sine wave generation. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: WaveGeneratorStop\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Stops the Wave Generation. Example: *_ApiWaveGeneratorStop();\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}