{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TCU_PG.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: GetPulseGenMeasurments\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Reads the pulse generator measurements (PG_V_ADCx and PG_I_ADCx). Example: *_ApiGetPulseGenMeasurments(ItfTCU_PG.Enme_PG.PG2, ItfTCU_PG.Enme_PG_MeasurementsPG_V_ADC); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| PG | e_PG | int |\n| Selects the pulse generator. |  |  |\n| InputPin | e_PG_Measurements | int |\n| Selects the measurement type (voltage or current). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetPGPercentage\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the output voltage of the pulse generator as a percentage of the reference voltage. Example: *_ApiSetPgVref(ItfTCU_PG.Enme_PG_Voltage_Reference.PG_VR_INT); *_ApiSetPgState(ItfTCU_PG.Enme_PG.PG0, true); *_ApiSetPGPercentage(ItfTCU_PG.Enme_PG.PG0, 50); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| PG | e_PG | int | - |\n| Selects the pulse generator. |  |  |  |\n| OutPercentage | int | uint16 | % |\n| Set Dac output voltage on selected channel with a value equals: Percentage * Vref * Gain\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tE.g. OutPercentage = 50%, Vref = 5V (internal default), Gain = 4 (fixed cct gain)\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\toutput voltage = 10V |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetPgState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enables or disables the pulse generator. Example: *_ApiSetPgState(ItfTCU_PG.Enme_PG.PG0, true); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| PG | e_PG | int |\n| Selects the pulse generator. |  |  |\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| True to enable the pulse generator, False to disable. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetPgVref\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Selects the voltage reference for the pulse generator. Example: *_ApiSetPgVref(ItfTCU_PG.Enme_PG_Voltage_Reference.PG_VR_INT); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| VoltageSource | e_PG_Voltage_Reference | int |\n| Selects the voltage reference for the pulse generator. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: InputVoltage\n\n**Description:** Description: Report Info/Error based on min and max voltage values Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| MinVoltage | int | uint16 | 0.001 | V |\n| Minimum voltage value. |  |  |  |  |\n| MeasuredVoltage | int | uint16 | 0.001 | V |\n| The measured voltage value. |  |  |  |  |\n| MaxVoltage | int | uint16 | 0.001 | V |\n| Maximum voltage value. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Measurements\n\n**Description:** Description: Report Info of supply or PG ..... measurements Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| ADCValue | int | uint16 | 0.001 | V |\n| The measured ADC value. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: VoltageLevel\n\n**Description:** Description: Read ADCs voltage level in mV Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| VoltageLevel | int | uint16 |\n| The measured voltage level. |  |  |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}