{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TCU_DAC.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: SetDacPercentage\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Write voltage value to be output on general purpose DACs (DAC0, DAC1, DAC2, DAC3). DUT Interface pins (USV10_PIP ST10 Front Connector, 78pins): 67, 50, 47, 48 respectively. Example: *_ApiSetDacPercentage(ItfTCU_DAC.Enme_DAC_Select.DAC0, 50); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| DAC_Select | e_DAC_Select | int | - |\n| Selects the DAC channel. |  |  |  |\n| OutPercentage | int | uint16 | % |\n| Set Dac output voltage on selected channel with a value equals: Percentage * Vref * Gain\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tE.g. OutPercentage = 50%, Vref = 5V (internal default), Gain = 4 (fixed cct gain)\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\toutput voltage = 10V |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDacState\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enable (connect) / Disable (disconnect) the Dac output to the outer interface. Example: *_ApiSetDacVref(ItfTCU_DAC.Enme_DAC_Groups.DAC0_1, ItfTCU_DAC.Enme_DAC_Reference_Input.REF_INT_5V); *_ApiSetDacPercentage(ItfTCU_DAC.Enme_DAC_Select.DAC0, 50); *_ApiSetDacState(ItfTCU_DAC.Enme_DAC_Select.DAC0, true); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| DAC_Select | e_DAC_Select | int |\n| Selects the DAC channel. |  |  |\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| True to enable the DAC output, False to disable. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDacVref\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enable General Purpose DACs (DAC0, DAC1, DAC2, DAC3) and select Vref for each group (first group: DAC0 & DAC1, second group: DAC2 & DAC3). Available options: 1) Use Internal Vref : 5V (default value) 2) Use External Vref : a) DAC_R_E_L (Operating range: 2V .. 5V), DUT Interface pin 66 b) DAC_R_E_H (Operating range: 8V .. 20V), DUT Interface pin 49 Example: *_ApiSetDacVref(ItfTCU_DAC.Enme_DAC_Groups.DAC0_1, ItfTCU_DAC.Enme_DAC_Reference_Input.REF_INT_5V); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| DAC_Enable | e_DAC_Groups | int |\n| Selects the DAC group to enable. |  |  |\n| DAC_Vref | e_DAC_Reference_Input | int |\n| Selects the voltage reference for the DAC group. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}