{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "Timer.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: CheckStarted\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Generate an error if not yet started Example: *_ApiCheckStarted();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: CheckStopped\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Generate an error if not yet stopped. Example: *_ApiCheckStopped();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Reset\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Resets the timer. Example: *_ApiReset();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetName\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Starts the timer to trigger the \"TimerOverflow\" event every \"interval\" microseconds. Example: *_ApiStartInterval(1000); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Name | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Optional Name of up to 32 characters. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: StartInterval\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Starts the timer to trigger the \"TimerOverflow\" event every \"interval\" microseconds. Example: *_ApiStartInterval(1000); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| interval | long | uint64 | us |\n| The time interval in microseconds between each \"TimerOverflow\" event. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: StartOnce\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Starts the timer to trigger the \"TimerOverflow\" event after \"duration\" microseconds. Example: *_ApiStartOnce(5000); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| duration | long | uint64 | us |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Stop\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Stops the timer. Example: *_ApiStop();\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotStarted\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: NotStopped\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}