{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "ToeDriver.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: AutoVoltage\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters: Response timeout: 600000\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| choosetable | e_voltageFunction | int | - | - |\n| Specifies the voltage function to be applied by the Toellner power supply. This parameter determines the specific voltage profile that the power supply will generate over time. Possible Values: Refer to the e_voltageFunction enumeration for a list of supported voltage functions. Each function corresponds to a predefined voltage profile. The following are the available voltage functions: Power_Cranking_Sweep_Range_Multiple :  Default Function for cranking out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Cranking_Sweep_Range_Single : Default Function for cranking out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Cold_Cranking_Short : Default Function for cold cranking out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Transient_Overvoltage_Endurance : Default Function for overvoltage out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Jump_Start : Default Function for jump of voltage during start out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Reset_Behavior_Short : Default Function for a power reset behavior out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Reset_Behavior_Long : Default Function for a power reset behavior out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Cold_Start : Default Function for cold start out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Warm_Start : Default Function for warm start out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Slow_Increase_Decrease : Default Function for rise of voltage out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Power_Slow_Decrease_Increase : Default Function for drop of voltage out of Power Management Excel Sheet. Impact: Selecting a voltage function will define the sequence of voltage changes and the timing for each change. Requirement: This parameter is mandatory. |  |  |  |  |\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - |\n| Specifies the channel on the Toellner power supply to which the voltage function will be applied. Possible Values: Refer to the e_chooseChannel enumeration for supported channels. The following are the available channels: CHANNELX : Selects both Channels. CHANNEL1 : Selects the first Channel. CHANNEL2 : Selects the second Channel. Impact: Determines which of the power supply's outputs will be affected by the selected voltage function. If CHANNELX is selected, the voltage will be set on both output channels. Requirement: This parameter is mandatory. |  |  |  |  |\n| offset | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |\n| Specifies an offset voltage to be added to the voltage values defined in the chosen voltage function. Units: Volts (V). Scale: The value should be given as a scaled integer, where 1 represents 0.001V. Therefore, an input of 1000 corresponds to 1V. Example: Setting this parameter to 5000 means adding an offset of 5V to the profile. So, if a voltage function specifies a step to 10V, with an offset of 5V, the actual voltage would be 15V. Impact: Shifts the entire voltage profile upwards or downwards by a constant amount. Requirement: This parameter is mandatory. Important : the total Voltage(Voltage + offset) must be under the max of Toellner. |  |  |  |  |\n| stretchingFactor | int | uint16 | 0.01 |  |\n| Specifies a stretching factor that will be used to adjust the duration of the time intervals in the selected voltage function. Scale: The value should be given as a scaled integer, where 1 represents a stretching factor of 0.01. Therefore, an input of 100 corresponds to factor of 1.00 (no stretching/no time change). Example: Setting this parameter to 200 means doubling the time intervals. If a voltage function had a 1-second step, it would become a 2-second step. Setting this parameter to 50 means halving the time intervals. If a voltage function had a 1-second step, it would become a 0.5-second step. Range: The allowed values must be greater than 0. Impact: Controls the speed at which the voltage profile changes over time.  A higher value means a slower voltage change; a lower value means a faster voltage change. Requirement: This parameter is mandatory. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ChangeLanguage\n\n**Description:** Description: Change the language for communicating with power supply. Normally, its used after 'Init' API to change the communication language Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| language | e_language | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ChangeOutput\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Turns the output of the Toellner power supply on or off. Example: objToeDriver().afcChangeOutput(true); // Turns the output on. objToeDriver().afcChangeOutput(false); // Turns the output off. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Specifies whether to turn the output on (true) or off (false). |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ChangeRemote\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Changes the control mode of the Toellner power supply between remote and local control. Example: objToeDriver().afcChangeRemote(true); // Enables remote control. objToeDriver().afcChangeRemote(false); // Disables remote control (enables local control). Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Specifies whether to enable (true) or disable (false) remote control. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ClearScreen\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Clears the registers of the Toellner Power Supply. This function is used to clear any previous settings or data. Example: objToeDriver().afcClearScreen();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigLoopBackMeasurement\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enables or disables the loop back measurement feature, which verifies the output voltage of the Toellner power supply by using a connected clamp module. Example: To enable loop back measurement with a 150ms delay and a 1500mV accepted deviation, mapping channel 1 to clamp module 0 and channel 2 to clamp module 1 you would use objToeDriver().afcConfigLoopBackMeasurement(150, 1500, chooseClamp.CASTLE_CLAMP_0, chooseClamp.CASTLE_CLAMP_1); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Delay | int | uint16 | ms |\n| Specifies the delay in milliseconds (ms) to wait after setting the voltage or voltage and current before checking the clamp measurement. A good value can be eg. 100ms. Minimum delay is 100ms due to measurement cycle of clamp module. |  |  |  |\n| AcceptedDeviation | int | uint32 | mV |\n| Specifies the accepted deviation in millivolts (mV) between the set voltage and the voltage measured by the clamp. A good value can be eg. 2000mV. Minimum deviation is 100mV. |  |  |  |\n| Channel1MappedTo | chooseClamp | int | - |\n| Specifies which clamp module is mapped to channel 1 for voltage measurement. |  |  |  |\n| Channel2MappedTo | chooseClamp | int | - |\n| Specifies which clamp module is mapped to channel 2 for voltage measurement. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ConfigSlewState\n\n**Description:** Description: Configure the voltage gain for the outputs Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int |\n| slewState | e_slewState | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: GetCurrentMilliAmpere\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Returns the latest current value captured by the TestRangeMilliAmpere API. This function allows retrieving the last measured current value. Example: objToeDriver().afcGetCurrentMilliAmpere(); Response timeout: 0\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Init\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Initializes the Toellner power supply driver and the Toellner device with specified parameters, and checks the device ID. Example: exu().mod ().objToeDriver().afcInit(12, 2, 24, 12, 2, 24, e_language.SCPI, e_baudrate.BR_9600, e_chooseChannel.CHANNELX, RS232.device_0); Dependency: either this or 'InitWhenReady' API are the first APIs to be called Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit | Default |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| voltagechannel1 | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |  |\n| The start voltage for channel 1 in Volt (V). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| currentchannel1 | int | int32 | 0.001 | A |  |\n| The start current limit for channel 1 in Ampere (A). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| powerchannel1 | int | int32 | 0.001 | W |  |\n| The start power limit for channel 1 in Watt (W). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| voltagechannel2 | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |  |\n| The start voltage for channel 2 in Volt (V). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| currentchannel2 | int | int32 | 0.001 | A |  |\n| The start current limit for channel 2 in Ampere (A). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| powerchannel2 | int | int32 | 0.001 | W |  |\n| The start power limit for channel 2 in Watt (W). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Language | e_language | int | - | - |  |\n| The communication language (COMP or SCPI). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Baudrate | e_baudrate | int | - | - |  |\n| The communication baud rate. |  |  |  |  |  |\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - | CHANNELX |\n| The channel to be configured (CHANNELX, CHANNEL1, CHANNEL2). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| RS232Device | RS232 | int | - | - | device_0 |\n| The RS232 device to use (device_0, device_1). |  |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: InitWhenReady\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Initializes the Toellner power supply when external supply voltage is detected at UEXT. Example: objToeDriver().afcInitWhenReady(12, 2, 24, 12, 2, 24, e_language.COMP, e_baudrate.BR_9600, e_chooseChannel.CHANNELX, RS232.device_0, e_readyindicationsource.UEXTXX); Dependency: either this or 'Init' API are the first APIs to be called Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit | Default |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| voltagechannel1 | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |  |\n| The default voltage for channel 1 in Volt (V). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| currentchannel1 | int | int32 | 0.001 | A |  |\n| The default current limit for channel 1 in Ampere (A). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| powerchannel1 | int | int32 | 0.001 | W |  |\n| The default power limit for channel 1 in Watt (W). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| voltagechannel2 | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |  |\n| The default voltage for channel 2 in Volt (V). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| currentchannel2 | int | int32 | 0.001 | A |  |\n| The default current limit for channel 2 in Ampere (A). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| powerchannel2 | int | int32 | 0.001 | W |  |\n| The default power limit for channel 2 in Watt (W). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Language | e_language | int | - | - |  |\n| The communication language (COMP or SCPI). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| Baudrate | e_baudrate | int | - | - |  |\n| The communication baud rate. |  |  |  |  |  |\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - | CHANNELX |\n| The channel to be configured (CHANNELX, CHANNEL1, CHANNEL2). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| RS232Device | RS232 | int | - | - | device_0 |\n| The RS232 device to use (device_0, device_1). |  |  |  |  |  |\n| readyindicationsrc | e_readyindicationsource | int | - | - | NONE |\n| The source of ready indication (NONE, UEXTXX). |  |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: ReportWrongChannelId\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the system to report when the Toellner power supply either does not respond or responds with an incorrect channel ID, and sets the severity level of these reports. Example: To configure the system to issue a warning when the Toellner responds with an incorrect channel ID objToeDriver().afcReportWrongChannelId(ErrorLevel.WARN); To configure the system to avoid reporting when the Toellner responds with an incorrect channel ID objToeDriver().afcReportWrongChannelId(ErrorLevel.NOTHING); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| ErrorLevel | ErrorLevel | int |\n| Specifies the severity level for reporting. Possible values include NOTHING, INFO, WARN, and ERROR. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: RequestMeasurement\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sends a request to the Toellner power supply to perform a measurement of a specified type for the selected channel and returns the result. Example: - objToeDriver().afcRequestMeasurement(e_chooseChannel.CHANNELX, e_MeasurementType.VOLTAGE); // Requests a voltage measurement for both channels. -\tobjToeDriver().afcRequestMeasurement(e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL1, e_MeasurementType.CURRENT); // Requests a current measurement for CHANNEL1. Parameters: Response timeout: 100\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int |\n| Specifies the channel for which to request the measurement. Possible values are CHANNELX (both channels), CHANNEL1 (channel 1), or CHANNEL2 (channel 2). |  |  |\n| type | e_MeasurementType | int |\n| Specifies the type of measurement to request. Possible values are NONE, CURRENT, VOLTAGE, or POWER. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Reset\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Resets the Toellner power supply to its initial or default status. Example: objToeDriver().afcReset();\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetCurrent\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the current limit for the selected channel of the Toellner power supply. Example: objToeDriver().afcSetCurrent(e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL1, 2000); // Sets the current limit for CHANNEL1 to 2A (2000 mA). Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - |\n| Specifies the channel to which the current limit will be applied. Possible values are CHANNELX (both channels), CHANNEL1 (channel 1), or CHANNEL2 (channel 2). |  |  |  |  |\n| current | int | int32 | 0.001 | A |\n| Specifies the current limit in Ampere (A). The value is scaled by 0.001, so a value of 2000 corresponds to 2A. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetMaxPower\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the maximum output power limit for the selected channel of the Toellner power supply. Example: objToeDriver().afcSetMaxPower(e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL1, 24000); // Sets the maximum power for CHANNEL1 to 24W (24000 mW). Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - |\n| Specifies the channel to which the maximum power limit will be applied. Possible values are CHANNELX (both channels), CHANNEL1 (channel 1), or CHANNEL2 (channel 2). |  |  |  |  |\n| power | int | int32 | 0.001 | W |\n| Specifies the maximum power limit in Watt (W). The value is scaled by 0.001, so a value of 24000 corresponds to 24W. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetResetCallbackFunction\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Enables or disables the Toellner driver's callback function after a transmission, allowing control over whether the driver or the user-managed RS232 module handles subsequent communications. Example: To disable the callback function, you would use: objToeDriver().afcSetResetCallbackFunction(false); To enable the callback again, you would use: objToeDriver().afcSetResetCallbackFunction(true); Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| SetCallback | boolean | bool |\n| Specifies whether to set (true) or reset (false) the Toellner driver's callback function. If set to false, the RS232 module can be used directly by the user. Setting to true will reactivate the Toe Driver call back again. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetSenseAverage\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Configures the Sense Average mode for the selected channel of the Toellner power supply. When enabled, measurement values are composed of an average of 8 individual measurements. Example: objToeDriver().afcSetSenseAverage(e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL1, true); // Enables sense average mode for CHANNEL1. objToeDriver().afcSetSenseAverage(e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL2, false); // Disables sense average mode for CHANNEL2. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int |\n| Specifies the channel for which to configure Sense Average mode. Possible values are CHANNELX (both channels), CHANNEL1 (channel 1), or CHANNEL2 (channel 2). |  |  |\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n| Specifies whether to enable (true) or disable (false) Sense Average mode. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetVoltage\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets the output voltage for the selected channel of the Toellner power supply. Example: objToeDriver().afcSetVoltage(e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL2, 12000); // Sets the voltage for CHANNEL2 to 12V (12000 mV). Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - |\n| Specifies the channel to which the voltage will be applied. Possible values are CHANNELX (both channels), CHANNEL1 (channel 1), or CHANNEL2 (channel 2). |  |  |  |  |\n| voltage | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |\n| Specifies the voltage in Volt (V). The value is scaled by 0.001, so a value of 12000 corresponds to 12V. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetVoltageCurrent\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Sets both the output voltage and the current limit for the selected channel of the Toellner power supply. Example: objToeDriver().afcSetVoltageCurrent(e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL2, 12000, 2000); // Sets the voltage for CHANNEL2 to 12V and the current limit to 2A. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - |\n| Specifies the channel to which the voltage and current will be applied. Possible values are CHANNELX (both channels), CHANNEL1 (channel 1), or CHANNEL2 (channel 2). |  |  |  |  |\n| voltage | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |\n| Specifies the voltage in Volt (V). The value is scaled by 0.001, so a value of 12000 corresponds to 12V. |  |  |  |  |\n| current | int | int32 | 0.001 | A |\n| Specifies the current limit in Ampere (A). The value is scaled by 0.001, so a value of 2000 corresponds to 2A. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: TestRangeMilliAmpere\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Tests if the measured current value from the Toellner power supply, when using SCPI protocol, falls within a specified range. Example: To test if the current on channel 1 is between 1A and 2A, you would use: objToeDriver().afcTestRangeMilliAmpere(1000, 2000, e_chooseChannel.CHANNEL1); where 1000 represents 1A (1000 mA), 2000 represents 2A (2000 mA), and CHANNEL1 specifies that the test should be applied to channel 1. Parameters: Response timeout: 0\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Min | int | uint32 | 0.001 | A |\n| Specifies the minimum acceptable current value in Amperes (A). The value is scaled by 0.001, so a value of 1000 represents 1A. |  |  |  |  |\n| Max | int | uint32 | 0.001 | A |\n| Specifies the maximum acceptable current value in Amperes (A). The value is scaled by 0.001, so a value of 2000 represents 2A. |  |  |  |  |\n| channel | e_chooseChannel | int | - | - |\n| Specifies the channel to monitor. It can be CHANNELX (both channels), CHANNEL1 (channel 1), or CHANNEL2 (channel 2). |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ConnectionError\n\n**Description:** Description: Connection Error (loop back measurement failed). Values in this message are in mV Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ExpectedVoltage | int | uint32 | mV |\n| ActualClampVoltage | int | int32 | mV |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: CurrentOutofRange\n\n**Description:** Description: Current measured by power supply is out of range. Values in this message are in mA Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | uint32 | mA |\n| Min | int | uint32 | mA |\n| Max | int | uint32 | mA |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Data\n\n**Description:** Description: Data deviation Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Length | int | uint16 |\n| Offset | int | uint16 |\n| Data | int[] | uint8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: DataError\n\n**Description:** Description: Data error. shows expected vs actual received data Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Expected | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Received | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: IncorrectInitialization\n\n**Description:** Description: Driver initialization is not correct - call init function first (which registers the driver call backs at the required rs232 module)\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Indication\n\n**Description:** Description: Indication (No response)\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: LatestMeasuredCurrent\n\n**Description:** Description: Latest current measured by power supply. Value in this message is in mA Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | uint32 | mA |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: LogString\n\n**Description:** Description: Data logging as string Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: MaxPowertoSmall\n\n**Description:** Description: Selected max power is to small to set on Toellner. Values in this message are in scale of 0.001 Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Power | int | uint32 | 0.001 | W |\n| MinPower | int | uint32 | 0.001 | W |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Outputnotsupported\n\n**Description:** Description: Selected output isn't supported\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ReadyForInitIndication\n\n**Description:** Description: Criteria was met which indicates that execution of ToeInit is save\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RegisteredVersionofLookupTablesdifferstotheincludedone\n\n**Description:** Description: The generated Version of the LookupTable Header is different to the registered in the ToeDriver.c\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RequestedMeasurement\n\n**Description:** Description: Retuns the measurement that was requested from the device via the request functions Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | uint32 |\n| type | e_MeasurementType | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RxDataTooShort\n\n**Description:** Description: The received data is too short for the requested test\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: RxNoise\n\n**Description:** Description: RxNoise\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ScpiCurrent\n\n**Description:** Description: Current measured by power supply is in range. Values in this message are in mA Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | uint32 | mA |\n| Min | int | uint32 | mA |\n| Max | int | uint32 | mA |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: StretchingFactorOutofRange\n\n**Description:** Description: Stretching factor of the VoltageFunction out of range. all the values in this message have scale of 0.01 Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | uint16 | 0.01 |\n| Min | int | uint16 | 0.01 |\n| Max | int | uint16 | 0.01 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TestByteSequence\n\n**Description:** Description: Data error. shows expected vs actual received sequence of bytes Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ErrorIndex | int | uint16 |  |\n| Expected | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n| Received | int[] | uint8 | raw |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TestStringSequence\n\n**Description:** Description: Data error. shows expected vs actual received string Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| ErrorIndex | int | uint16 |  |\n| Expected | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n| Received | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: ToellnerIdInvalidOrWrong\n\n**Description:** Description: The Toellner Device ID was not received or indicates an unsupported device. Please check connection\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TxConfirmation\n\n**Description:** Description: Confirm that all data has been transmitted to the UART queue. Bytes may still be needed to be processed.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TxDataTooLong\n\n**Description:** Description: The data is too long\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: TxOverflow\n\n**Description:** Description: The last transmission is not yet complete.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: VoltageFunctionFinished\n\n**Description:** Description: Execution of the voltage function finished Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| function | int | uint32 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: VoltageOutofRange\n\n**Description:** Description: Voltage measured by power supply is out of range. all the values in this message have scale of 0.01 Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | uint32 | 0.01 | V |\n| Min | int | uint32 | 0.01 | V |\n| Max | int | uint32 | 0.01 | V |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: Voltage_Offset_OutOfRange\n\n**Description:** Description: The resulting voltage out of function and offset is out of secure range. all the values in this message have scale of 0.01 Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Value | int | int32 | 0.001 | V |\n| Min | int | uint32 | 0.001 | V |\n| Max | int | uint32 | 0.001 | V |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}