{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "TriggerInput.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: Arm\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Arms the trigger input to detect specified edge types on a selected channel. Example: *_ApiArm(0x01, RISE, FALL); //Arms the trigger input on channel 1 to detect a rising edge followed by a falling edge. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Channel | int | uint8 |\n| Select a channel 0 .. 31. |  |  |\n| FirstEdge | EdgeType | int |\n| The first edge type to detect (NONE is not allowed). |  |  |\n| SecondEdge | EdgeType | int |\n| The second edge type to detect. If NONE is given, only the first edge is detected. |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: Disarm\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose: Disarms the trigger input, stopping edge detection. Example: *_ApiDisarm(); //Disarms the trigger input.\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: FirstFall\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: FirstRise\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: SecondFall\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: SecondRise\n\n\n---\n\n### Object: Line\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Interface | Type | EncodedType | Offset | Scale | Bytecount | ElasticLength | Mutable |\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Line | _Signal | Signal | boolean | 0 | 1 | 1 | false | false |\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}