{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "WaveGenOutput.md"}, "page_content": "### Function: EnableOutput\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose : - If enabled, the output is connected to the backplane line. If disabled, the output is floating. Example: *_ApiEnableOutput(Enable) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| Enable | boolean | bool |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetDCoffset\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose : - Set the DC offset, range -5V to +5V, 12 bit resolution internally. This is the static part, there may be an overlay sine wave. Example: *_ApiSetDCoffset(Voltage) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Voltage | int | int16 | 0.001 | V |\n| Range -5 .. +5V |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetInputVRange\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose : - Configure the input range -5V to +5V or 0V to 10V Example: *_ApiSetInputVRange(SetInputVRange) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType |\n|---|---|---|\n| InputVRange | InputVRange | int |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetPulseParams\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose : - Configure a pulse, with V, \u0394V, tr, td Example: *_ApiSetPulseParams(Vnom,Vss,TR,Mode,AmpGain) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Vnom | int | uint16 | 0.001 | V |\n| Range 0 .. 20V. |  |  |  |  |\n| Vss | int | uint16 | 0.001 | V |\n| Range 0 .. 20V. |  |  |  |  |\n| TR | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n| Range 0.5ms to 1000ms |  |  |  |  |\n| TD | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n| Range 1ms to 1000ms |  |  |  |  |\n| Mode | WaveModes | int | - | - |\n| Set the waveform mode, Sine, Triangular, Square, Pulse. Sine by default |  |  |  |  |\n| AmpGain | int | uint16 | 0.001 |  |\n| Amplification factor of the Quadrature amplifier 1 to 10, in 0.001 resolution. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetREG\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose : - DebugOnly:Configure SPI resigsters of AD9833 Example: *_ApiSetREG(REG) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| REG | int | uint16 | 1 |\n| Range 0 .. 0xFF. |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetUserTag\n\n**Description:** Description: The user tag is a u16 value. Set the user tag by changing the bits according to the Mask and Value.\nThe user tag is stored for each object and is copied into each message that is generated by this object.\nIt is up to the user to define the meaning of the user tag. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Mask | int | uint32 | hex |\n| Value | int | uint32 | hex |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetWaveParams\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose : - Configure an overlay wave, with frequency and amplitude, Max Amplitude 6V, 10 bit resolution internal. - Max frequency 5KHz. Example: *_ApiSetWaveParams(Frequency,Amplitude,Mode) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Frequency | int | uint32 | 0.001 | Hz |\n| Range 0 to 5000Hz |  |  |  |  |\n| Amplitude | int | uint16 | 0.001 | V |\n| Range -5 .. +5V |  |  |  |  |\n| Mode | WaveModes | int | - | - |\n| Set the waveform mode, Sine, Triangular, Square.Sine by default |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Function: SetZeroAdjustment\n\n**Description:** Description: Purpose : - Call PulseParameters with Vnom and Vss zero\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t - Measure the voltage, and then put the value as ZeroAdjustment voltage Example: *_ApiSetZeroAdjustment(Measured) Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| Measured | int | int16 | 0.001 | V |\n| Range -1V to +1V. |  |  |  |  |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: GeneralMessage\n\n**Description:** Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Format |\n|---|---|---|---|\n| Data | int[] | uint8 | utf8 |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: PulseParameters\n\n**Description:** Description: Parameters of pulse that was generated. Parameters:\n\n**Parameters:**\n\n| Name | Type | EncodedType | Scale | Unit |\n|---|---|---|---|---|\n| TR | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n| TD | int | uint32 | 0.001 | ms |\n| Vnom | int | uint32 | 0.001 | V |\n| Vss | int | uint32 | 0.001 | V |\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: StartOfRamp1\n\n**Description:** Description: Start of ramp 1 TR time.\n\n\n---\n\n### Message: StartOfRamp2\n\n**Description:** Description: Start of ramp 2 TD-TR .\n\n\n---", "type": "Document"}}